


PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview | Predix APM | GE Digital















 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2022 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Root Cause AnalysisOverview
Workflow
Root Cause Analyses
Critical Success Factors
RCA Preserve Item Records
5 Whys Analyses
Event Diagram
Event Timeline
Logic Tree
Results
Tracking Items
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
ReferenceGeneral Reference
Family Field Descriptions
Catalog Items
ReportsComprehensive Analysis Report
PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview
Individual Reports




Release Notes










Home
Root Cause Analysis
Reference
Reports
PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview







PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance OverviewAbout PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance OverviewThe PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section of the Comprehensive Analysis report displays a summary of the RCA. This section includes the following subsections:
Analyze and Team Data

Assets

Status of Preserve

Status of Analyze

Status of Communicate
Analysis and Team Data Subsection
The Analysis and Team Data subsection contains summary information about the RCA.
The following image shows an example of the Analysis and Team Data subsection of the PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section for the example RCA.



The following table lists each item in the Analysis and Team Data subsection and the corresponding record field whose data is displayed in the report.
Report ItemRecord FamilyRecord FieldAnalysis Name RCA Analysis Analysis Name Principal Analyst Human Resource 
First Name, Last Name 
Note: These values are stored in the Human Resource record that is linked to the RCA Team Member record that contains the value Principal Analyst.
Team Members Human Resource First Name, Last Name Team Charter RCA Analysis Charter Critical Success Factors RCA Critical Success Factor CSF Start Date RCA Analysis Start Date Estimated Completion Date RCA Analysis End Date Estimated Cost of Event RCA Analysis Cost 
Assets
The Assets subsection contains information about the Asset records that are linked to the RCA Analysis record. The following image shows an example of the Assets subsection of the PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section for the example RCA.



The following table lists each item in the Assets subsection and the corresponding record field whose data is displayed in the report.
Report ItemRecord FamilyRecord Field
Record ID 

Equipment or Functional Location

Equipment ID or Functional Location ID 
Note: This column contains the Record ID of each Equipment or Functional Location record that is linked to the RCA Analysis record.

Family 
None 
Note: This field is populated automatically with the name of the family to which the piece of equipment or location belongs. If it belongs to the Equipment family, this field will be populated automatically with Equipment. If it belongs to the Functional Location family, this field will be populated automatically with Functional Location. 

Status of Preserve
The Status of Preserve subsection contains the number of Preserve Records that have been created, completed, or assigned to RCA Team Members.
The following image shows an example of the Status of Preserve subsection of the PROACT RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section for the example RCA.



The following table lists each item displayed in the Status of Preserve subsection. 
Report ItemDescription
Number of Data Collection Tasks Assigned 

The total number of RCA Preserve Item records linked to the RCA Analysis record.

Number of Data Collection Tasks Completed 
The number of RCA Preserve Item records that contain the value True in the Completed? field. 
% of Data Collection Tasks Completed
The percentage of RCA Preserve Items records that contain the value True in the Completed? field. 
Status of Analyze
The Status of Analyze subsection contains the number of Hypothesis and Verifications that have been created, completed, or assigned to RCA Team Members.
The following image shows an example of the Status of Analyze subsection of the PROACT RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section for the example RCA.



The following table lists each item displayed in the Status of Analyze subsection.
Report ItemDescriptionNumber of Hypothesis The total number of RCA Hypothesis records that are linked to the RCA Analysis record. Number of Verification Assigned The total number of RCA Verification records that are linked to RCA Hypothesis records. Number of Verification Completed The number of RCA Verification records that contain the value True in the Completed? field. % of Verification Completed The percentage of RCA Verification records that contain the value True in the Completed? field. 
Status of Communicate
The Status of Communicate subsection contains the number of Root Causes and Recommendations that have been created, completed, or assigned to RCA Team Members.
The following image shows an example of the Status of Communicate subsection of the PROACT RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance Overview section for the example RCA.



The following table lists each item displayed in the Status of Communicate subsection.
Report ItemDescriptionNumber of Root Causes Identified The number of RCA Hypothesis records that contain the value Cause - Human, Cause - Latent, or Cause - Physical in the State field. 
Number of Recommendations 
Approved Created Pending Review Reviewed Rejected Superseded In Progress Implemented 

The number of RCA Recommendation records that contain a certain value (e.g., Created) in the Status field.
Note: If there are no records that contain a certain value in the Status field, they do not appear in the report. For example, if an RCA Recommendation record contained the value Reviewed in the Status field, the value Reviewed would appear under the Number of Recommendations field, and the number 1 would appear next to it. If there are no RCA Recommendation records with the value Reviewed in the Status field, the value Reviewed does not appear under the Number of Recommendations field. 






On this pageAbout PROACT® RCA Analysis-At-A-Glance OverviewAnalysis and Team Data SubsectionAssetsStatus of PreserveStatus of AnalyzeStatus of Communicate









