


Generation Availability Analysis Wind | Predix APM | GE Digital















 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2022 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies 










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Generation Availability Analysis Wind







Generation Availability Analysis WindDeploy GAA Wind for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1
Review the GAA Wind data model to determine which relationship definitions you will need to modify to include your custom equipment and location families. Via Configuration Manager, modify the relationship definitions as needed.


This step is required only if you store equipment and location information in families other than the baseline Equipment and Functional Location families.

2Assign Security Users to one or more of the GAA Wind Security Groups and Roles.This step is required.3Specify additional system code tables for the GAA Wind families.By default, GE Digital APM provides a set of system code tables for the GAA Wind families. You can modify these default system code tables or add new system code tables.4Configure the GAA Wind Report Configuration records.This step is required.5Using the GAA Wind Asset Hierarchy Data Loader, create the following records in the GAA Wind Asset Hierarchy:GAA CompanyGAA Wind PlantGAA Wind GroupGAA Wind Sub GroupGAA Wind UnitThis step is required.6Using the GAA Wind Sub Group Capacity Data Loader, create the GAA Wind Sub Group Capacity record.This step is required.
Upgrade GAA WindBefore You Begin

The following tables outline the steps that you must complete to upgrade this module to the latest version of GE Digital APM
                    .
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

ProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be updated to the latest version of GE Digital APM automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy GAA Wind for the First TimeUpgrade GAA Wind









