


Root Cause Analysis | Predix APM | GE Digital















 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2022 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies 










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Root Cause Analysis







Root Cause AnalysisDeploy RCA for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes
1
Assign Security Users to one or more of the RCA Security Groups and Roles.
This step is required. Users will not be able to access Root Cause Analysis unless they belong to an RCA Security Group.
2

Specify the Team Charter after you create a new Root Cause Analysis record.This step is optional. A default Team Charter exists in the baseline GE Digital APM database. You can select the default Team Charter or define your own.
3

Specify the Critical Success Factors after you create a new Root Cause Analysis record.This step is optional. Default Critical Success Factors exist in the baseline GE Digital APM database. You can select one or more default Critical Success Factors or define your own.
Upgrade RCABefore You Begin

The following tables outline the steps that you must complete to upgrade this module to the latest version of GE Digital APM
                    .
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

ProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be upgraded to the latest version of Predix APM
                                     automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy RCA for the First TimeUpgrade RCA









