


Rounds Pro | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Rounds Pro







Rounds ProDeploy Rounds Pro for the First Time

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

StepTaskNotes1
Review the  data model to determine which relationship definitions you will need to modify to include your custom Equipment and Functional Location families. Modify any relationship definitions as needed via Configuration Manager.
This step is required only if you have asset data in families outside of the baseline Equipment and Functional Location families. 2 
Assign Security Users to the following Rounds Pro
Security Groups:
MI Rounds-Pro Administrator MI Rounds-Pro Mobile User
This step is required.3Install the Rounds Pro mobile application on the mobile device that you plan to use for data collection.This step is required only if you will use a mobile device for data collection. For information on installation of Rounds Pro on mobile devices see the following sections:4Set the local time zone on the mobile device that you will use for data collection, typically the user time zone.This step is required only if you will use a mobile device for data collection.





On this pageDeploy Rounds Pro for the First Time









