


Fuel Types | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Fuel Types







Fuel TypesAccess a Fuel TypeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Fuel Types.
The Fuel Types subsection appears, displaying the following columns of information:

Fuel Code

Fuel Description

Regulatory Organization

Mapped ID




Locate the row that contains the Fuel Code that you want to access.In the Fuel Code column, select the link.
The Edit Fuel Type window appears, displaying the datasheet for the selected Fuel Code.
Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes.
Add a Fuel TypeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Fuel Types.
The Fuel Types subsection appears.



In the upper-left corner of the Fuel Types section, select .
The Add Fuel Type window appears.
As needed, enter the values in the available fields.
Select .
The new Fuel type is added. 
Delete a Fuel TypeAbout This Task
Important: You must not delete a baseline Fuel Type.
Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Fuel Types.
The Fuel Types subsection appears.
Select the row containing the Fuel Type that you want to delete.In the upper-right corner of the Fuel Types section, select .
The Delete Fuel Type dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Fuel Type.
Select Yes.
The selected Fuel Type is deleted and the updated list of Fuel Types appears.





On this pageAccess a Fuel TypeAdd a Fuel TypeDelete a Fuel Type









