



Add or Remove Multiple Assets in Analysis | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search














Add or Remove Multiple Assets in AnalysisYou can add assets for analysis within the hierarchy so that you can compare time series data for multiple assets on a chart.About This Task
You can add the same tag for multiple assets. Adding the same tag for multiple assets allows you to compare the same tag for other assets at the same level.
You can add any asset to analysis that you have access to, enabling you to plot tags in the selected assets on the charts. This allows you to look at multiple assets to investigate or isolate an issue.
The Tag Browser and Plotted Tags sections appear in the Tag Tree Browser. The Tag Browser section lists primary and secondary assets. The primary asset is selected in the Context Browser. While you can delete secondary assets in the view, you cannot delete the primary asset.
You cannot add additional assets for Event Data Analysis charts in the Tag Tree Browser or Search Browser panes.
You can plot tags for multiple selected assets simultaneously. Assets with tag expressions plotted cannot be removed.
You can drag any tag associated with a listed asset to a chart, or remove the tag from its associated charts.
ProcedureTo add secondary assets to a chart:In the module navigation menu, go to
Analysis.Use the Context Browser to select an asset context for the primary asset.Select  to view the Tag Tree Panel.Complete one of the following actions:
In the Tags tab, select  next to the Tag Browser section.In the Expressions tab, select  next to the Asset Scope section.
The Asset Selector window appears.In the Asset Selector window, select  next to an asset to move it to the right pane.Continue to select assets as needed, and then select Open.Assets that are added to the Tag Tree Browser section appear below the primary asset in the order that they are added.To remove a secondary asset and its associated tags:Hover over the selected asset, and then select X.In the Remove dialog box, complete one of the following actions:
Select OK to remove the selected asset and its tags in the Tag Browser section. Any previously plotted tags for this asset remain in the Plotted Tags section and are plotted on the charts.Select Also delete all plotted tags that belong to this asset, and then select OK to remove the selected asset and its tags in the Tag Browser section, and any plotted tags associated with the deleted asset.
Secondary assets and their associated tags are removed.











