


Data Models | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Risk Based Inspection (RBI) 581Overview
Workflows
Corrosion Loops
RBI Components
RBI Analyses
RBI Bulk Evergreening 581
RBI Analysis Export
RBI 581 ISO Risk Plot
Degradation Mechanisms
RBI Recommendations
Inspection Plans
ASM Integration
Admin
Deployment
Data Loaders
ReferenceGeneral Reference
Data Models
Family Field Descriptions
Calculations
Family Search Configuration
ASM Integration
Inspection Strategies
RBI Policies
Catalog Items


Release Notes










Home
Risk Based Inspection (RBI) 581
Reference
Data Models







Data ModelsData Models
This topic provides a listing of all the data models in the RBI 581 module.
Criticality Calculator RBI Component Data Model
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
RBI Corrosion Loop Data Model
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
RBI Data Model
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
RBI Recommendation Data Model
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
RBI 581 Risk Analysis Data Model
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.





On this pageData ModelsCriticality Calculator RBI Component Data ModelRBI Corrosion Loop Data ModelRBI Data ModelRBI Recommendation Data ModelRBI 581 Risk Analysis Data Model









