


Corrosion Rates in Thickness Monitoring | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Thickness MonitoringOverview
Workflows
Corrosion Analyses in Thickness Monitoring
TMLs
TML Groups
Thickness Measurements
T-Min Calculations
Piping Rotation and Flip
Dataloggers in Thickness Monitoring
Data Loaders
Admin
Deployment
ReferenceGeneral Reference
Family Field Descriptions
Corrosion Rates in Thickness Monitoring
Calculations
Family Search Configuration


Release Notes










Home
Thickness Monitoring
Reference
Corrosion Rates in Thickness Monitoring







Corrosion Rates in Thickness MonitoringAbout Corrosion Rates
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
About Custom Corrosion Rates
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
Long Term Corrosion Rate (LTCR)
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
Short Term Corrosion Rate (STCR)
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
Least Squares Corrosion Rate (LSCR)
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.
 Maximum Historical Corrosion Rate (MHCR)
This topic has been intentionally excluded from the GE Digital APM product documentation website. This topic is available to you via the product documentation that is provided within the GE Digital APM system.





On this pageAbout Corrosion RatesAbout Custom Corrosion RatesLong Term Corrosion Rate (LTCR)Short Term Corrosion Rate (STCR)Least Squares Corrosion Rate (LSCR) Maximum Historical Corrosion Rate (MHCR)









