


SIS Management | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
SIS Management







SIS ManagementDeploy SIS Management for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1 Define alternate search queries.This step is required only if you do not want to use the baseline search queries.2 Modify threshold values in the SIL Threshold family.This step is required only if you want to modify the default boundary values specified in the SIL Threshold family. Tip:  To prevent ambiguity in SIL values for driving risk ranks that fall on the boundary value of two SIL thresholds, avoid specifying contiguous boundary values where the lower boundary value of one threshold is the upper boundary value of the preceding SIL threshold. For example, for the SIL value of 1, if you have specified a SIL threshold of 10 through 100, then, for a SIL value of 2 you can specify the SIL threshold of 100.1 through 1000.3 Import data from an Exida project file.This step is required only if you want to create SIL Analyses using an Exida project file.4 Export data from an Exida project file.This step is optional.
5
Assign Security Users to one or more of the SIS Management Security Groups and Roles.This step is required.
Upgrade SIS ManagementProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be updated to the latest version of GE Digital APM automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy SIS Management for the First TimeUpgrade SIS Management









