


Plants | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Plants







PlantsAccess a GAA PlantProcedure
Access the GAA Company for which you want to access a GAA Plant.In the left pane, select the GAA Plant that you want to access. 
The datasheet for the selected GAA Plant appears in the workspace. A list of GAA Units associated with the selected GAA Plant appears in the left pane. 



Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes.

Add a GAA PlantBefore You Begin

Add a GAA Company

Procedure
Access the GAA Company to which you want to add a GAA Plant.In the left pane, select .
A blank datasheet for GAA Plant appears in the workspace.



In the Asset ID cell, select .
The Asset Finder window appears.
Select the Functional Location to which you want to associate the GAA Plant, and then select Done. 
The selected Functional Location appears in the Asset ID box as a link. You can select the link to access the details of the Functional Location. 
As needed, enter values in the available fields.In the upper-right corner of the workspace, select Site:.
Note: A user can be assigned to multiple sites. By default, the user's default site appears.
Select the site to which you want to assign the GAA Plant.
Note: If the GAA Plant is assigned to the default site, then it can be accessed only by users who have been assigned to the same site. The site selector component becomes read only after it is saved. 
Select .
The GAA Plant is saved.
What To Do Next

Add a GAA Unit

Delete a GAA PlantProcedure
Access the GAA Company from which you want to delete a GAA Plant.
The datasheet for the selected GAA Company appears in the workspace. A list of GAA Plants associated with the selected GAA Company appears in the left pane. 
In the left pane, select the GAA Plant that you want to delete, and then select . 
The Delete dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected GAA Plant.
Select Yes.
The GAA Plant is unlinked from the associated functional location and the associated record is deleted from the database. 
Note: You cannot delete a GAA Plant if it has an associated GAA Unit.





On this pageAccess a GAA Plant
Add a GAA PlantDelete a GAA Plant









