


Layers of Protection Analysis | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Layers of Protection Analysis







Layers of Protection AnalysisDeploy LOPA for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1Modify existing or create additional Initiating Events. This step is required only if you want to modify or create additional initiating event types that appear in the Initiating Event Type field, on the LOPA datasheet. Note: Initiating Event records also populate the CCPS Cause Type field on the Hazards Analysis Cause datasheet. Therefore, any modifications to these records will also reflect on the Hazards Analysis Cause datasheet.2Modify existing or create additional Consequence Adjustment Probabilities.This step is required only if you want to modify or create additional conditional modifier types that appear in the Modifier Type field, on the Consequence Modifier datasheet. 3Modify existing or create additional Active IPLs.This step is required only if you want to modify or create additional active IPL types that appear in the IPL Sub Type field, on the Hazards Analysis Safeguard datasheet. 4Modify existing or create additional Passive IPLs.This step is required only if you want to modify or create additional passive IPL types that appear in the IPL Sub Type field, on the Hazards Analysis Safeguard datasheet. 5Modify existing or create additional Human IPLs.This step is required only if you want to modify or create additional human IPL types that appear in the IPL Sub Type field, on the Hazards Analysis Safeguard datasheet. 6Modify the Safety Integrity Level record.The Safety Integrity Level records contain the standard boundary values for the required probability of failure for each SIL. This step is required only if you want to modify the default boundary values for the required probability of failure for a Safety Integrity Level. 
7
Assign Security Users to one or more of the LOPA Security Groups and Roles.This step is required. 
Upgrade LOPAAbout This TaskProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be upgraded to the latest version of Predix APM
                                     automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy LOPA for the First TimeUpgrade LOPA









