


Performance Record and Report Configuration | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Performance Record and Report Configuration







Performance Record and Report ConfigurationAccess a List of Performance Records and Reports Configured for a GAA UnitBefore You Begin

Add a GAA Unit

Procedure
Access the GAA Unit for which you want to view the list of configured records and reports.Select the Performance & Reports tab.
A list of Performance records and Regulatory reports configured for the selected GAA Unit appears, displaying the following columns of information:

Entity ID

Is Associated 

Is Report 

Is Default

Report Name

Policy ID

Report Type

Weightage Type




Configure a Performance Record or a Regulatory ReportAbout This Task
This topic describes how to configure the following:
Performance Record for NERCRegulatory Report: You can configure the following regulatory reports:Event Report for NERCEvent Report for CEA

Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.Select the Configurations tab. 
A list of Performance records and Regulatory reports configured in GAA appears.



In the upper-left corner of the Configurations section, select .
The Add Report window appears. 
If you want to configure a Regulatory report, enter the values in the available fields. 
-or-
If you want to configure a Performance record:
In the Record Type box, select Performance.
Clear the Is Report check box.
The following fields are enabled:
Policy IDAssociated Events Catalog PathPerformance TypeWeightage Type
Enter the values in the remaining fields.
Select .
The specified record or report is configured.
What To Do Next

Associate a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report with a GAA Unit

Modify a Performance Record or a Regulatory ReportProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page. Select the Configurations tab. 
A list of Performance records and Regulatory reports configured in GAA appears.



Navigate to the row containing the record or report that you want to modify.In the Entity ID column, select the link.
The Edit Report window appears.


As needed, modify the values in the available fields.Select .
The Performance record or Regulatory report is configured.
Associate a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report with a GAA UnitProcedure
Access the list of records and reports configured for a GAA Unit with which you want to associate a record or a report.Select the row containing the record or report that you want to associate.In the upper-right corner of the Performance & Reports section, select Associate Report.
The Associate Report dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to associate the selected record or report.
Select Yes.
The selected record or report is associated with the GAA Unit.
Disassociate a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report from a GAA UnitProcedure
Access the list of records or reports configured for a GAA Unit from which you want to disassociate a record or a report.Select the row containing the record or report that you want to disassociate.In the upper-right corner of the Performance & Reports section, select Disassociate Report.
The Disassociate Report dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to disassociate the selected record or report.
Select Yes.
The selected record or report is disassociated from the GAA Unit.
Delete a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.Select the Configurations tab. 
A list of Performance records and Regulatory reports configured in GAA appears.
Select the row containing the record or report that you want to delete.
Note: You cannot delete a Performance record if it is associated with a GAA Unit.
In the upper-right corner of the Configurations section, select .
The Delete Report dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected record or report.
Select Yes.
The selected record or report is deleted and the updated list of reports appears.





On this pageAccess a List of Performance Records and Reports Configured for a GAA UnitConfigure a Performance Record or a Regulatory ReportModify a Performance Record or a Regulatory ReportAssociate a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report with a GAA UnitDisassociate a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report from a GAA UnitDelete a Performance Record or a Regulatory Report 









