


Manage Metric Views | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Metrics and ScorecardsOverview
Workflow
Manage Scorecards
Manage Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Manage Metric Views
Manage Privileges
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Metrics and Scorecards
Manage Metric Views







Manage Metric ViewsOverview of Metric ViewsMetric View is a visual representation of analytical data (cube), either in graph or tabular format. You can slice and dice the data using the dimension members. You can filter the data that is displayed in the Metric View by adding slices.For example, you might have a Metric View that contains failure and inventory data on all of the bearing types that exist in a particular facility. Using this Metric View, you can see:All the bearing types that exist in the facility.How many of each bearing type exists in the facility.How many bearing failures occurred last year in the facility.Adding slices to this Metric View could allow you to view a more specific subset of data to determine:Which type of bearing fails most often.How much it cost last year to fix the bearings that failed most often.A Metric View result appears in Result section. After you create a Metric View, you can:
Drill-down.
Link a different Metric View to the current Metric View.
Export a Metric View.
Configure the Metric View graph.
Note: Metric View is accessible to all users of the application depending upon the privileges assigned to the user on the cube and the Catalog folder.About Viewing a Metric ViewWhen you create a new Metric View or open an existing Metric View, the Result section displays the result for the Metric View. This section offers two views of the Metric View: Graph view and Table view.Graph View
By default, the result appears in Graph View format. The Graph View in the Result section provides a visual representation of the Metric View. You can modify the default graph settings by selecting the  button available on the Metric View design page. You can use a mouse pointer to zoom in by dragging out a rectangle shape in the data point of the chart. When you zoom in to the graph, the Reset Zoom button appears. You can select the Reset Zoom button to go back to the previous view of the graph.
 For example, the following graph shows the Event Count and Average Corrective Work Cost based on the criticality of the equipment. 



Table View
You can change the Graph View to Table View by selecting the  button in the Result section that is displayed in the Graph View. The Table View displays the same information that is displayed in the Graph View, but in a grid format. 
Each row in the table corresponds to a value that appears along the x-axis of the graph. The columns in the table represent the values that are plotted on the y-axis of the graph. Using the Table View, you can easily view, the actual values that have been plotted on the graph.
 For example, the following table shows the Event Count and Average Corrective Work Cost based on the criticality of the equipment. These same values are represented graphically in the preceding image.



About the MDX QueriesMultidimensional Expressions (MDX) allow you to query multidimensional objects such as cubes, and return the result set that contains the data from the cube. In the Metrics and Scorecards module, you can examine the corresponding MDX query for a Metric View. The MDX Query button displays the MDX Query window that allows you to manipulate the MDX on which the data is generated. It is recommended that you do not use the MDX Query window without prior knowledge of how to manipulate MDX. Note that if you open the MDX Query window, it will contain an underlying expression for the currently selected Metric View.

To specify a dataset, an MDX query must contain the following information:The number of axes.The members from each dimension to include on each axis of the MDX query.The name of the Cube that sets the context of the MDX query.
The members from a slicer dimension on which data is sliced for members from axis dimensions.
The general syntax of an MDX statement is:
            SELECT [<axis_specification>
            [, <axis_specification>…]]
            FROM [<Cube_specification>]
            WHERE [<slicer_specification>]]
        In the MDX Query window, the SELECT statement is used to specify a dataset containing a subset of multidimensional data. The SELECT clause determines the axis dimensions of an MDX SELECT statement. The FROM clause determines which Cube is to be used when extracting data to populate the result set of the MDX SELECT statement. The optional WHERE clause determines which dimension or member to use as a slicer dimension; this restricts the results to a specific dimension or member.About Including Actions in a Metric ViewYou can configure SQL Server Analysis Services cubes to contain Actions, which can provide users with access to extended data and information. Actions that are defined in Analysis Services Cubes will be available in the Metrics and Scorecards module within the Metrics View that are built upon those cubes. When you select the Action, the GE Digital APM system will launch the URL behind that Action.If the URL is a GE Digital APM URL, the target will open within the GE Digital APM application. For example, an Action can be configured to open a record in the Record manager. When you select the Action, the Record Manager page will appear, displaying the record specified in the URL. You can also configure a URL in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) to open a report from reporting services.If the URL specifies a target that is external to GE Digital APM, the external URL will appear in another tab of the same browser. For example, Actions can be configured to display your customer's website on each customer level member.When a user selects the Target in the Metric View that is built on a cube containing Actions, those Actions appear as buttons in the Metric View's workspace. When a user selects an Action, the Action will be invoked, and the target data will appear. You can configure multiple Actions for a cube.The available Actions and the information displayed is determined by how the cube is configured in Analysis Services.Actions are attached to Targets, which correspond to member levels in a Metric View.Note: Actions can be attached to a Target at all member levels, including the cube level. Additionally, if an Action is configured on a member level, you will be able to see the Action only after you have drilled down to the associated level. For example, if an Action is configured for a member of Taxonomy Category level and you select the graph on All Taxonomy level, the Action will not appear in the workspace. You will be able to see the Action in the workspace only after you drill down to the Taxonomy Category and select a particular category (e.g., Fixed Asset).
GE Digital APM supports the use of any Action for which a URL has been defined. This documentation does not include details on configuring Actions in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS). Rather, we limit our discussion of Actions to how they can be invoked after they have been properly configured. For more information on defining Actions within Analysis Services cubes, refer to the SSAS documentation.About the Drillthrough FeatureIn a Metric View, you can drill through certain values in a table or a graph to view the underlying intersection data or source data. The intersection data displayed on the drill through is composed of data that is associated with the end value.For example, suppose you have a Metric View that measures the total number of work orders over time. In this case, you could drill through the total number of work orders value for 2005 and view the underlying data that is associated with the work order, such as the equipment to which the work order was assigned, the department in which the equipment was located, and the manufacturer of the equipment to which the work order was assigned. Drill through data provides you with a more complete understanding of the Metric View.The availability of the Drillthrough feature and the data that is displayed is determined by how the associated cube has been configured in Analysis Services.About Drilldown and DrillupBy drilling down into a graph or a table view, you can view the details of each item represented in the graph. The items contain different levels, each with a greater amount of detail about a given category. For example, consider the following table.

This following graph shows the Average Corrective Work Cost for all Equipment Taxonomy. You can see that across all Equipment Taxonomy, there are 12 Equipment Taxonomy. When you drill down into the All Equipment Taxonomy, you can see Average Corrective Work Cost per Equipment Taxonomy, as shown in the following image.

About Right and Left Y-Axis Scales in a Metric ViewWhen you create a new Metric View, the y-axis label and scale appear by default on the left side of the graph. If the graph contains multiple measures for each x-axis category, all the measures initially use the same scale, which is determined automatically using the plotted minimum and maximum values. The default scale is not necessarily appropriate for all the plotted values.When a single scale is not appropriate for plotting all the values on the y-axis, you can use two scales, one on the right and one on the left, and choose which values should use each scale.Access the View Page of a Metric View Before You Begin
You must have View permission on the Catalog folder to view an existing Metric View.You must also have View permission on the cube to view the data of the Metric View.
ProcedureAccess the Metrics and Scorecards Overview Page.In the Metric Views list, select a Metric View.
Note: You can select  to search for an existing Metric View.
The page for the selected Metric View appears, displaying the result in graph view.

Note: You can select  to display the information in the Result section in tabular view.Access the Metric Views Design PageProcedure
Access the view page of a Metric View.
In the upper-right corner of the page, select .The design page for the selected Metric View appears, displaying the dimension members.On this page, you can modify the following settings of a Metric View:
Dimension members


Graph settings

Note:  If you want to view a Metric View, then select .Access an MDX QueryAbout This Task The MDX Query allows you to modify the underlying MDX query or create a new MDX query.Note: To edit an MDX Query, you must have the knowledge of how to modify an MDX Query code.Procedure
Access the design page of a Metric View.In the upper-right corner of the workspace, select , and then select MDX Query.The MDX Query window appears, displaying the query.Select the Custom MDX Query check box to modify the query.The text box is enabled and the underlying query appears. The Test Query button is also enabled.As needed, modify the query.To validate the query, select Test Query.Depending on the validation result, a message appears, indicating the success or failure of the query. If the query is incorrect, modify it as necessary. When the query is validated, select OK.The MDX Query window closes. The result of the query is displayed in the Result section of the workspace.Create a Metric ViewWhen you create a Metric View, you select measures and dimensions associated with a cube. The corresponding graph appears in the Result workspace of the page.Before You Begin
To create a Metric view, a user must first have at least View permission on the Cube.
ProcedureIn the module navigation menu, select
Tools > Metrics and Scorecards.In the Metric View list, select .The design page for the Metric View appears.In the left pane, provide the following values:In the Cube drop-down list box, select the cube for which you want to create a Metric View.
Note: The Cube drop-down list box contains the cubes to which you have permission to access.
In the Data/Measures section, select .The Add to Measures window appears.Select the check box next to each measure that you want to add to the Metric View, and then select OK.The Add to Measures window closes and the graph for selected measures appears in the Result section.In the Rows/X-axis section, select .The Add to Rows window appears. Select the check box next to the dimension members to add to the X-axis, and then select OK.The selected dimension members appear in the Rows/X-axis section. In the Columns/Legends section, select .The Add to Columns window appears.Select dimension members that you want to add to the columns, and then select OK.The selected dimension member appears in the Column/Legend section.In the Slices section, select .The Add to Slicer window appears.Select the desired dimension members, and then select OK.The Add to Slicer window closes and the results appear in the Result section of the workspace.Note: You cannot add the same members from a dimension hierarchy that exist in the Rows/X-axis or Slices axes to the Columns/Legend axis and vice versa.In the upper-right corner of the workspace, select.The Save Metric View : Select a folder window appears.In the Catalog, navigate to the folder in which you want to save the Metric View, and then select Done.The Save Metric View window appears.Provide the following values:ID: Enter an ID for the Metric View.Caption: Enter a caption for the Metric View.Description: Enter a description of the Metric View.Select OK.The Metric View is created and saved in the selected Catalog folder.Create a Copy of a Metric ViewProcedure
Access a Metric View.In the upper-right corner of the page, select .The left pane appears.In the upper-right corner of the page, select .Copy of <Label> page appears, where <Label> is the name of the Metric View that you have selected. Sort the TableAbout This TaskWhen you sort a column, the rows in the table are arranged according to the contents of the column you choose to sort. You can sort any column either in ascending or descending order. When you use the Ascending option, the data in the column will be sorted in ascending alphanumeric order: 0-9, then A to Z. When you use the Descending option, the data in the column will be sorted in descending alphanumeric order: 9 to 0, then Z to A. For example, to sort a list of repair costs in order from the highest cost to the lowest cost, sort the Repair Cost column using the Descending option.Note: If there are multiple columns in the table, the rows will be sorted by the total amount of data in those columns. Procedure
Create a Metric View that contains dimension members.In the Rows/X-axis section, select .
-or-
In the Columns/Legends section, select .
The Edit Sort window appears.Select the desired options. You can select from the following options:Sort Type : Select Ascending or Descending.Measure : Select the measurement for the sorting from the drop-down list box.Select Save.Your sort selections are applied to the table.Create a Calculated MeasureAbout This TaskOn the Metric View design page, you can make three types of calculations on existing Metric Views. Based on your selections, the expression will then become an additional column or row in the Metric View. After adding the expression to the Metric View, based on your preferences, it will be listed as a column, row, measure, or slice.Note: To create or view calculated measure in SSAS, refer the SSAS documentation.ProcedureAccess the Metrics and Scorecards Overview Page.In the Metric View list, select .The design page for the Metric View appears.In the Cube box, select the cube for which you want to create a Metric View.
Note: The Cube drop-down list box contains the cubes that you have permission to access.
Select .The Calculated Measure window appears.As needed, enter the values in the available fields.Select OK.The Calculated Measure window closes, and the calculated measure name appears in the Data/Measures section.Note:  If you have performed a calculation on the Metric View, the Drillthrough button is disabled. You cannot drill through a calculated measure.Calculated Measures
You can create calculated measure in two places; in cube (SSAS) and in Metric View design page. The calculated measure appears in Metric View design page in Data/Measures section. 
You can create calculated measure by using the following functions:Contribution Difference MDX Query 
FieldData TypeDescription Behavior and Usage
Calculated measure type
N/AType of measure function that you want to perform.You can either create the calculated measure by using the existing functions, such as, Difference or Contribution in the interface, or write custom MDX by selecting the Custom function.Contribution
 A calculation that determines the contribution per portion for different factors. For example, you can calculate the percentages from different categories from total cost, such as maintenance, repair, and lost opportunity.When using a contribution calculation, you can choose to evaluate the improvement opportunity for a particular family in comparison to all other families. An "improvement opportunity cost" means the potential for saving money if a particular factor is properly evaluated to prevent failures and downtime. On selecting the measure type Contribution, the following fields appear.
Measure

Dimension Hierarchy

MDX Query
You can create custom measures using the MDX query in the Expression box.Difference
A calculation that involves the subtraction of one member from another to compute a value.A value expression can be used to evaluate overall repair cost and the costs within a site.For example, the difference in a repair cost can be compared between all repairs for a site and then all repairs for a particular piece of equipment. For this type of calculation, you would type in the [Measures] dimension and then the measure Cube, [Site Repair]. Note that when calculating the difference in a repair cost column, drilling down the hierarchy will automatically calculate the difference. On selecting the measure type Difference, the following fields appear.
First measure

Second measure

Dimension Hierarchy
N/AThe dimension member that you have added in Rows/X-Axis or Columns/Legend.Select the dimension member from the Dimension Hierarchy box.
First measure
N/AThe first member for the calculation, Difference.None
Measure
N/AThe measure for which you want to create the contribution.Select the measure from the Measure drop-down list.
Name
CharacterName of the calculated measureAppears in the Metrics View design page in the Data/Measures section and in the Result workspace as a new measure.
Second measure
N/A The second member for the calculation, Difference.None
Examples of Calculations The following are some of the examples of creating calculated measures in a Metric View.Example 1:
In the following example, a particular piece of equipment, in addition to its family and subfamilies, is being evaluated on its financial opportunity in comparison to all pieces of equipment. The user has chosen to work with the dimension Measures, and the Financial Opportunity within the dimension. This number has been divided by a sum based on the current member's ancestor and children, and its Financial Opportunity.
[Measures].[Opportunity_$$]/Sum({Ancestor([Equipment].CurrentMember, 1).Children}, [Measures].[Opportunity_$$]))
Example 2:
You may choose to elaborate on a basic query to specify the results for null measurements. The following example builds on the previous example. This instance illustrates the opportunity cost divided by low-level children of a high-level parent. In the first line, the MDX query specifies that if the current member (the piece of equipment) does not have a parent family, the result for the calculation result will be 1. The bold section of the following code states that if the measure Opportunity Cost equals 0, then the results should return the calculation 0.

IIF(Ancestor([Equipment].CurrentMember, 1) IS NULL, 1, IIf([Measures].[Opportunity_$$]=0 ,0,[Measures].[Opportunity_$$]/Sum({Ancestor([Equipment].CurrentMember, 1).Children}, [Measures].[Opportunity_$$])))
Example 3:
A value expression can be used to evaluate overall repair cost, and the costs within a site. The difference in a repair cost can be compared between all repairs for a site, and then all repairs for a particular piece of equipment. For this type of calculation, you would type in the [Measures] dimension, and then the measure Cube, [Site Repair] (see example). 
Difference in repair cost
[Measures].[Site_Repair_Cost] - [Measures].[Company_Wide_Repair_Cost]
Example 4:
An MTBF calculation can be created with a fixed analysis period. For example, the percentage of repairs within a given time period can be calculated. In this case, we will limit the length of the fixed analysis period to 1748 days. As stated in the highlighted area, if the number of repairs equals 0, then the result of the calculation will be 0.
IIf([Measures].[N of Repair]= 0, 0, 1748 x [Measures].[N of Equipment]/[Measures].[N of Repair])
Example 5:
The example shows an MTBF calculation with a 12-month Moving analysis period (length 12 month). The calculation results will change depending on the current member (the current month). Figures are calculated dynamically. If there's no monthly data, a 0 will be calculated.
12 x ([Measures].[Number of Equipment], [Failure Date].[All Failure Dates])/
IIf(isempty([Failure Date].currentmember.lag(11)), 0, Sum({[Failure Date].currentmember.lag(11): [Failure Date].currentmember},[Measures].[Total Number of Failures]))
Sum({set: date from last 11 month to current month}, measure)
To specify that the system should check to see if there are a total of 12 months (11 back from the current month), type in the following code. If 12 months do not exist, the value is calculated as 0. Otherwise, the MTBF is calculated in the Month unit.
IIf(isempty([Failure Date].currentmember.lag(11)), 0, otherwise)
Basic Definitions of Calculations in Work History Cube
The following table lists the basic calculations and the definitions of the measures provided in the Work History cube.
MeasureDefinitionCorrective Work
Corrective Work Orders are repair work orders associated with restoring an asset after a breakdown or in response to performance degradation. It can also be the work to restore the asset to its prime condition as a result of a predictive maintenance (PdM) activity finding.
Corrective Work = Breakdown Repairs + Degradation Repairs 
Critical AssetsThe assets with high criticality.Failure EventThe repair events with breakdown.Mechanical DowntimeThe amount of time a piece of equipment is not operating due to a work event or failure. The calculation for this measure is: Maintenance Completion Date - Maintenance Start DateProactive WorkProactive work is maintenance work that is completed to avoid failures or to identify defects that could lead to failures. It includes routine preventive and predictive maintenance activities and work tasks. Reactive Work Reactive work is maintenance work that breaks into the weekly schedule. Reactive work cost is calculated using the priority on the work order. Emergency Work Orders are considered to be breaking into the weekly schedule. Any order type except for miscellaneous can be included in this calculation.
Work History Cube Calculations
The following table displays the calculations that are used in Work History cube in the Metrics and Scorecards module.

Metric
Definitions
Metric Calculation

Units
Asset CountAsset Count is the count of equipment or functional locationsCount of Equipment or Count of Functional LocationsNumberAverage Corrective Work CostAverage Corrective Work Cost is a financial indicator of the effort required to repair failing or failed assets expressed in dollars. This metric is determined by dividing the total corrective work costs related to an asset (or category, class, type or model of assets) for a given period by the number of events in that period.
Corrective Work Cost / Corrective Work Count
U.S. DollarsCAMA% (Critical Asset Mechanical Availability Percentage) The Critical Asset Mechanical Availability is an indicator of the time that a critical asset is available for service or can perform its intended function. This metric is a measurement of the time that a critical asset is available to perform its intended function. The calculation is expressed as a percentage of the total time under review.
1-CAMU%
PercentageCAMD (Critical Asset Mechanical Downtime)The Critical Asset Mechanical Downtime metric is an indicator of the days that a critical asset is unavailable for service; the time it is shutdown. This metric is expressed in total shutdown days. The calculation is expressed as the cumulative days of downtime under review.
Total Mechanical Downtime For Critical Assets / Critical Asset Count
DaysCAMU% (Critical Asset Mechanical Unavailability Percentage)The Critical Asset Mechanical Unavailability metric is an indicator of the percentage of time that a critical asset is unavailable for service, or cannot perform its intended function. This metric is expressed in a percentage of the total time. The calculation is expressed as a percentage of the total time under review.
CAMD / Number of Days in Time Range
PercentageCorrective Work CountCount of events which can be classified as corrective workCount of events which can be classified as corrective workNumberCorrective Work Count %The Corrective Work Count % is a numeric indicator of the number of corrective failure events as a percentage of the total work experienced by a maintenance group.
Corrective Work Count / Count of non-miscellaneous work
PercentageCorrective Work CostThe Corrective Work Costs are financial indicators of the effort required to repair failing or failed equipment. The calculation is expressed in dollars.Total Maintenance Cost for All Corrective WorkU.S. DollarsCorrective Work Cost %Corrective Work Cost / Maintenance Cost for non-miscellaneous work
Corrective Work Cost / Maintenance Cost for non-miscellaneous work
PercentageCritical Asset CountCount of Assets with High CriticalityCount of Assets with High CriticalityNumber Event Count Non MiscCount of non-miscellaneous eventsCount of non-miscellaneous eventsDaysFailure Event CountCount of Event where Breakdown is equal to TrueCount of Event where Breakdown is equal to TrueNumberFailure Rate (FPMH)Failure Rate is a numeric indicator of the frequency at which an asset fail for selected equipment types. This metric provides information on the expected failure per million hours of operational time.
1000000 / (MTBF x 24)
Number of failures per million hoursMaintenance Cost Non MiscMaintenance cost for all the non miscellaneous workMaintenance cost for all the non miscellaneous workU.S. DollarsMTBF(Days) (Mean time between Failures)The Mean time Between Failure (MTBF) is a numeric indicator of the average operating time between failures that are repaired for selected equipment types (assumes instant repairs). This metric is used to trend the time that assets are available for service. An increase in MTBF indicates improved asset reliability.
SMRP Definition: Mean Time Between Failures is the average operating time between failures for an asset or component, where the failure means that an asset is unable to perform its required function. In GE Digital APM, a failure is indicated when the breakdown indicator is set to True.
(Asset Count x Total Calendar Time in Days) / (Failure Event Count)
DaysMTBR(Days) (Mean Time Between Repairs)Mean Time Between Repairs (MTBR) is a numeric indicator of the average time between the completion of one repair to the beginning of the next. The MTBR addresses the time that an asset is not involved in a repair cycle. This metric is a numeric indicator of the average time between the completion of one repair to the beginning of the next.
(Asset Count x Total Calendar Time in Days) / (Corrective Work Count)
DaysPreventative Maintenance Effectiveness %This metric indicates predictive maintenance effectiveness relating to the work generated by PdM programs. This metric is a useful measure of result generated from predictive activities, so the customers who include a Detection Method field in their data will be able to take advantage of it. In addition, if the work request references another work order of type PM or PdM, then we can calculate the PM effectiveness. The Preventative Maintenance Effectiveness metric is an indicator of the percentage of proactive work that is generated because of PM/PdM programs. Effective programs detect potential failures or degraded performance before plant operations are negatively affected. 
Repair Count with PM or PdM detection / Corrective Work Count
PercentagePM Effectiveness%This metric indicates predictive maintenance effectiveness relating to the work generated by PdM programs. This metric is a very useful measure of results created from predictive activities, so those customers who include a Detection Method field in their data will be able to take advantage of it. In addition, if the work request references another work order of type PM or PdM then you can calculate the PM effectiveness.The Preventative Maintenance Effectiveness metric is an indicator of the percentage of proactive work that is generated because of PM/PdM programs. Effective programs detect potential failures or degraded performance before plant operations are negatively affected. 
(Repair Count with PM/PdM Detection) / (Corrective Work Count)
 Proactive Work CostTotal Maintenance Cost for All Proactive WorkTotal Maintenance Cost for All Proactive WorkU.S. DollarsProactive Work Cost %The Proactive Work Cost % is a numeric indicator of the cost associated with proactive work events as a percentage of the total.
Proactive Work Cost / Maintenance Cost for non-miscellaneous work
PercentageProactive Work CountProactive work is maintenance work that is completed to avoid failures or to identify defects that could lead to failures. It includes routine preventive and predictive maintenance activities and work tasks identified from them. As maintenance groups prefers reliability, this percentage should rise. In organizations, proactive work will include the majority of plant repairs. All the organizations might not have notifications for predictive for preventive work, but will create preventive work orders from the preventive maintenance plan. Therefore, you need to compare the cost on the work orders.Count of events which can be classified as Proactive WorkNumberProactive Work Count % The Proactive Work Count % is a numeric indicator of the number of proactive work events as a percentage of the total. This metric calculates a percentage of the PdM and PM events as a percentage of the total work.
Proactive Work Count / Count of non-miscellaneous work
PercentageReactive Work CostReactive work is maintenance work or emergency work orders that occurs in the weekly schedule. Reactive work cost is calculated using the priority on the work order. Any order type except for miscellaneous can be included in this calculation.Total Maintenance Cost for all Reactive WorkU.S. DollarsReactive Work Cost %The Reactive Work Cost% is a numeric indicator of the costs associated with the reactive work experienced by a maintenance group. This calculation is expressed as a percentage of the work.
Reactive Work Cost / Maintenance Cost for Non-Miscellaneous Work
PercentageReactive Work CountReactive work is maintenance work or emergency work orders that occurs in the weekly schedule. Reactive work cost is calculated using the priority on the work order. Any order type except for miscellaneous can be included in this calculation.Count of events which can be classified as Reactive WorkNumberReactive Work Count %The Reactive Work Count % is a numeric indicator of the costs associated with the reactive work taken by a maintenance group. This calculation is expressed as a percentage of the total work.
Reactive Work Count / Count of Non-Miscellaneous Work
PercentageRepair Cost with PM/PdM DetectionTotal Maintenance Cost for Corrective Work with PM/PdM detection.Total Maintenance Cost for Corrective Work with PM/PdM detection.U.S. DollarsRepair Count with PM/PdM DetectionCount of Repair Events with PM/PdM DetectionCount of Repair Events with PM/PdM DetectionNumberTotal Mechanical Downtime for Critical AssetsSum of Mechanical Downtime for Critical AssetsSum of Mechanical Downtime for Critical AssetsDays
Note: The Site dimension in the Work History cube will display only the data for the site to which the user is assigned. 
Add Filters to a Metric ViewBy adding filters, you can view a subset of the results that are currently displayed in the Results workspace for a Metric View. By default, the top 20 count will be applied on the measure in the row and column. This is to avoid the browser to go into an unrecoverable state when the query result set is large. If you want to modify the filter, you need to manually edit the filter. In case of a drilldown too, the same top 20 count filter will be applied.Before You Begin

Create a Metric View and specify dimension members for the Rows/X-axis or Columns/Legends.
Procedure
Access the Metric View.In the upper-right corner of the page, select .The left pane appears, displaying the dimensions that you have set for the Metric View.In the Rows/X-axis or Columns/Legends sections, select to specify measures in which you want to add filters.Depending on the axis on which you want to add filters, the Row Filters or Column Filters window appears .Select .The filter options appear.As needed, enter the values in the available fields.
As needed, repeat steps 4 through 5 to add more filters.Select OK.The Row Filters or Column Filters window closes and the Result section of the workspace is refreshed to reflect the changes.Row and Column Filter Options 
 The filter options that you select on the Row Filters or Column Filters window function as a formulaic expression. This means that all of your selections work together to create a logical statement that tells the GE Digital APM system which columns or rows to exclude from the result displayed in the table and chart. 
The following filter options are available on the Edit Filter window.
Field Data TypeDescriptionBehavior and Usage
Function
N/ALets you choose the various functions.You can add multiple filters. When deleting the members from either Rows/X-axis or Column/Legend section, you must retain at least one member for the filter to appear correctly.Contains the following options:Non-Empty Lets you specify whether or not you want to display only those rows that contain values.Top Count Displays the top X number of values that appear in the row or column that you specify in the Measure box, where X is the number that you specify in the Value box.Top Percent Displays the top X percent of values that appear in the row or column that you specify in the Measure box, where X is the number (i.e., percentage) that you specify in the Value box.Bottom Count Displays the lower X number of values that appear in the row or column that you specify in the Measure box, where X is the number that you specify in the Value box.Bottom Percent Displays the lower X percent of values that appear in the row or column that you specify in the Measure box, where X is the number (i.e., percentage) that you specify in the Value box.
Measure
N/AA list of available measures in the cube.The filter will be applied on the measure selected from this list.Value
NumberLets you specify a numeric value.The value specified in the Value box will be used as a filter criteria.
Modify the Filters Applied to a Metric ViewBefore You Begin

Add filters to a Metric View.

About This TaskYou can modify the filters that are applied to a Metric View and then save the Metric View in the Catalog folder. The list of filters that are currently applied to a cube appears in the Rows/X-axis or Columns/Legend of the Metric View.Procedure
Access the Metric View whose filters you want to modify.On the Rows/X-axis or Columns/Legend, select . The Row Filters or Column Filters window appears, displaying a list of filters.Select the filter that you want to modify, and then modify the filter options as necessary.
Note: If you want to delete the filter, select  that appears next to the name of the filter.
Select Save.The Row Filters or Column Filters window closes, and the specified filter options are saved. The Result section of the workspace is refreshed to reflect the changes.Modify the Graph SettingsAbout This TaskThe graph on the Results workspace provides a visual representation of the Metric View. You can edit the various elements of the graph, such as, the graph type, title, legend placement, and so on.Note: You can edit the graph settings only if you have the Update privilege on a Metric View.Procedure
Access the design page of a Metric View.In the upper-right corner of the workspace, select , and then select Graph Settings.The Edit graph settings window appears.As needed, edit the graph settings.Select OK.The Edit graph settings window closes, and the updated graph appears in the Result section of the workspace.Select .A confirmation message appears, indicating that the graph has been modified.Select .The graph is modified.Edit Graph Settings
Graph

FieldsData TypeDescriptionBehavior and Usage
Graph Title
CharacterA label that indicates the title of the graph displayed on the Results workspace. Enter a title for the graph in the text box.
Graph Type
N/A
A property that identifies the type of graph that you want to view. 
 Displays a drop-down list of graph types. Select the type of graph that you want to be displayed on the Results workspace. The following graph types are supported:ColumnBarScatterAreaPiePyramidCombinationSpider Web

Show Legend
N/AThe legends indicates the meaning of each color in the graph.Select the check box to display the legends on the graph and from the corresponding drop-down list, select the area where you want to display the chart legends.
Show Scroll Bar
N/AAn option that lets you control the number of data series that appear on the graph's x-axis within a chart area by using a scroll bar. Select the check box if you want to allow x-axis panning on the graph. On selecting the check box, the Maximum amount of points to show box appears. In this box, you can specify the number of data series to be displayed on the graph at a time. This is a required field.

Series 

FieldsData TypeDescriptionBehavior and Usage
Color Palette
N/AA property that allows you to select colors for data series.Displays a list of color. Each color displays a drop-down list of color schemes from which you can select a color for a data series.
Graph Type
N/AA property that identifies the type of graph that you want to plot for a measure. This field is populated with available chart types when you select the Graph Type as Combination in the Graph section. This is useful if you have more than one measure.
Measure
N/ADisplays the measure name that you have selected Data/Measures in the Metric View.Populated automatically.The measures are used in plotting the graph based on the selected graph type.
Series settings
N/AAllows you to configure a dual axis graph. For example, Y and Y1 axis.Select the measure that should be plotted on the Y and Y1 axis for column chart and X and X1 for bar chart.This is recommended if you have two measures to be plotted.
Stacked
N/AA property that allows you to present your data on the chart in stacked bar graph format.Stacked chart compares data sets by placing one set of data on top of another. Each dataset is represented in a different color and each individual stacked column size represents the contribution proportionate to the total value.Select the check box, if you want the graph to appear stacked.
y Axis
N/AA property that identifies the location for the measures to be plotted on the y Axis.Select the y axis location from the drop-down list.This field allows you to configure measure in Y or Y1 axis using the values, Left or Right.

Axes 

FieldsData TypeDescriptionBehavior and Usage
Formatter
N/A Lets you specify the type of numbers to appear on the axis and formats the scale accordingly.You can select the format as Number, Currency (e.g., using dollar sign), Percentage and so on. You can also select the number of decimal places to which the values will be rounded when they are displayed on the axis by selecting Number with 0 precision, Number with 1 precision and so on.
Left
N/ALets you configure settings for a data set plotted on the of the y-axis.You can configure the following settings, Format, Type,Title, Minimum, and Maximum for the Y-axis.
Minimum
NumberLets you specify the minimum value that should be plotted on the y-axis of the graph.This is an optional field.When you specify a minimum value, the graph is plotted from that value.
Maximum
NumberLets you specify the maximum value points that should be plotted on the y-axis of the graph.This is an optional field.When you specify a minimum value, the graph is plotted till that value.
Right
N/ALets you configure settings for a data set plotted on the of the y1-axis.You can configure the following settings, Format, Type,Title, Minimum, and Maximum for the Y1-axis.
Title
CharacterA label that will indicate the name for the values that are plotted on the y and y1 axis.Enter the name in the Title box.The name provided for both Y and Y1 axis will overwrite the default label.
Type
N/AAn option that lets you specify the scaling type for y and y1 axis.

Linear: Select Linear to measure data that changes arithmetically (for example, sales growth or decline). 
Logarithmic: Select Logarithmic to measure data that changes exponentially (for example, sound waves measured in decibels or earthquake magnitudes)
Note: By default, the charts are displayed in Linear type.

X Axis Title
N/AA label that indicates the name for the x-axis.Enter the name in the X Axis Title box. The name will appear on the x-axis of the graph.
y Axis
N/AA property that identifies the location for the measures to be plotted on the y Axis.Select the y axis location from the drop-down list.This field allows you to configure measure in Y or Y1 axis using the values, Left or Right.
Y Axis Formatting
N/AList of options that lets you define the format for the values that are plotted on the left and right sides of y-axis. For example, y-axis title, setting minimum and maximum value.In this section, you can change the y-axis settings, such as Number format, Title and so on.
Zoom In and Out of the Graph in a Metric ViewProcedure
Access the Metric View.To zoom in a graph, hover on any datapoint on the graph, hold the left mouse button, and then drag out a rectangle shape on the graph.The Reset Zoom button appears.To zoom out, select Reset Zoom.Invoke Actions in a Graph for Metric ViewsBefore You Begin

Create a Metric View using the cube on which the actions are defined.
About This TaskActions defined in Analysis Services Cubes will be available within the Metric Views that are built on those cubes. When you select the target, the URL behind that action is launched or the Drill through action gets invoked.The Drill through action is not invoked if:You have used Calculated Measure in the Metric View.If the Analysis Server is being cached at that moment.Procedure
Access the Metric View on which you want to invoke actions.The Cube Action button appears on the upper-right corner of the Results section of the workspace.Select Cube Action to launch the URL configured for the cube.In the Results section, select the data series on the graph for which you want to invoke the cell actions.The Cell Action button appears on the upper-right corner of the Results section of the workspace.Select the action that you want to invoke.The result for the selected action appears.Drill Down a Metric ViewProcedure
Access the Metric View that you want to drill down.Select the data series of the graph whose data you want to drill down to the next level in the hierarchy.The Drilldown button appears on the upper-right corner of the Result workspace.Select Drilldown.The data series is drilled down to next level in the hierarchy. A link appears on the upper-left corner of the Result workspace, indicating the level to which you have drilled down.Note: To drill up to a previously accessed hierarchy level, in the upper-left corner of the Result workspace, select the link that indicates the level to which you want to drill up.Drill Down a Metric View in the Tabular ViewProcedure
Access the Metric View that you want to drill down.Select  to access the tabular view.Select the dimension member header cell whose data you want to drill down.The drill down result set (children of selected member) appears in the workspace. This operation is valid only if the selected member has a child member. The dimension member is drilled down to next level in the hierarchy. A link appears on the upper-left corner of the workspace, indicating the level to which you have drilled down.Note:  To drill up to a previously accessed hierarchy level, on the upper-left corner of the workspace, select the link that indicates the level to which you want to drill up.Drill Through a Metric View
Note: You cannot drill through a calculated measure.
Before You Begin

Create a Metric View.
Procedure
Access the Metric View page for the Metric View that you want to drill through.In the graph view, select the data series on the graph that you want to drill through, and then select Drillthrough.
-or-
In the tabular view, in the grid, select the value to drill through.
The Drillthrough Result window appears.

Note: Interaction with the view or design page of a Metric View, such as drill through, is not available on the GE Digital APM mobile application. Export a Metric ViewYou can export a Metric View (both graph view and tabular view) to a PDF.Before You Begin

Create a Metric View.

Procedure
Access the Metric View that you want to export.In the upper-right corner of the Result workspace, select  to export the Metric View in PDF format.A drop-down menu appears, displaying the options.Select Export as PDF to export the Metric View in PDF format.The PDF file appears.Export a Drill Through ResultAbout This Task
By default, the Drillthrough Result window displays the first 100 records of the result. However, if you want to analyze the complete result set of the drill through action, you can export all the results to a .CSV file. 
Note: The drill through export result depends on the maximum number of rows defined in DefaultDrillthroughMaxRows in the OLAP database. The default value for this property is 10000 (rows). For more information, see the MSDN documentation.
Procedure
Access the Drillthrough Result window  .Select .The .CSV file appears.Add Slicer Members When Viewing a Metric View About This TaskYou can add slicer members when viewing a Metric View. However, the selected slice members cannot be saved.Procedure
Access the Metric View page.Next to the Metric View name, select .The Add to Slicer window appears.Select the desired slicer members, and then select OK.The Add to Slicer window closes, and the results appear in the Results workspace. Note: You cannot add the same members from a dimension hierarchy that exist in the Rows/X-axis or Slices axes to the Columns/Legend axis and vice versa.Transpose a Metric ViewAbout This TaskYou can rearrange the members from columns to rows and vice versa by using the Transpose feature. The Transpose feature is available in the Metric View design page.Note: If the rows or columns that you transpose contain filters or sort, then the filters and sort are also transposed along with the members.Procedure
Access the Metric View page, and then select .In the upper right side of the page, select .Select .A confirmation message appears, indicating that the Metric View is updated. Delete a Metric ViewProcedure
Access the details of the Metric View.In the upper-right corner of the page for the selected Metric View, select .The Delete Metric View dialog box appears.Select OK.A confirmation message appears, indicating that the Metric View is deleted. The Metric View no longer appears in the Metric Views section on the Metrics and Scorecards page.




On this pageOverview of Metric ViewsAbout Viewing a Metric ViewAbout the MDX QueriesAbout Including Actions in a Metric ViewAbout the Drillthrough FeatureAbout Drilldown and DrillupAbout Right and Left Y-Axis Scales in a Metric ViewAccess the View Page of a Metric View Access the Metric Views Design PageAccess an MDX QueryCreate a Metric ViewCreate a Copy of a Metric ViewSort the TableCreate a Calculated MeasureCalculated MeasuresExamples of CalculationsBasic Definitions of Calculations in Work History CubeWork History Cube CalculationsAdd Filters to a Metric ViewRow and Column Filter Options Modify the Filters Applied to a Metric ViewModify the Graph SettingsEdit Graph SettingsZoom In and Out of the Graph in a Metric ViewInvoke Actions in a Graph for Metric ViewsDrill Down a Metric ViewDrill Down a Metric View in the Tabular ViewDrill Through a Metric ViewExport a Metric ViewExport a Drill Through ResultAdd Slicer Members When Viewing a Metric View Transpose a Metric ViewDelete a Metric View









