


Second Quarter of 2020 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Policy DesignerOverview
Workflow
Policy Management
Security Settings
Policy Models
Policy Instances
Policy Logic Validation
Policy Execution
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
Reference
Release NotesSecond Quarter of 2023
First Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
First Quarter of 2022
Fourth Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Second Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
Third Quarter of 2019
Second Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018












Home
Policy Designer
Release Notes
Second Quarter of 2020







Second Quarter of 2020Release Date: June 19, 2020This topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on this date.
Table 1. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, if an error occurred during the execution of a sub-policy that is called by another sub-policy, the View Execution Details link did not appear in the Node Execution Details window of the sub-policy. This issue has been resolved.DE134906
Release Date: May 8, 2020This topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on this date.
Table 2. Enhancements and New Features
 
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDTo improve performance, the Policy Designer Overview page is no longer updated automatically when you return to the previously opened tab. You can now select Refresh () to update the page.US396407
Configuration settings for the Policy Trigger and Policy Execution Services have been modified:
The location of the Policy Trigger and Policy Execution Service configuration files has been modified.You no longer need to configure the execution service user.Other obsolete settings have been removed from the configuration files.
Note: For more information, refer to the Policy Designer deployment documentation.

US388238US386674

The OPC Tag node has been replaced by the OT Connect Tag node. The OT Connect Tag node retrieves readings from your process historian using the OT Connect service. When GE Digital APM is upgraded to V4.4.0.0.0, existing Policies using the OPC Tag node will be upgraded to use the OT Connect Tag node and Policy Instances for these policies will be upgraded to reference new OT Connect records created during the upgrade process.
New features of the OT Connect Tag node:You can specify whether the historian tag must provide historical readings.You can specify limit values independently for each policy instance that uses the same tag.Note:
When an upgraded policy record is opened in APM V4.4.0.0.0, the policy model will reference the new OT Connect Tag node in place of any OPC Tag node.Pre-existing policies that use output fields from the OPC Tag node and have no equivalent in the new OT Connect Tag node will no longer work as expected. These Policies must be redesigned.Policies using the OPC Tag family in an Entity node, and Policy Instances using OPC Tag records in Point Value nodes will not be upgraded automatically. Contact GE Digital Support for advice on reconfiguring these Policies and Policy Instances.Policies using OPC Tag nodes exported from older versions of APM cannot be imported into APM V4.4.0.0.0. Policies using OT Connect Tag nodes exported from APM V4.4.0.0.0 cannot be imported into older versions. Contact GE Digital Support for assistance.Policy Instance data loader worksheets for policies using OPC Tag nodes exported from a prior version of APM cannot be used to create new Policy Instances in V4.4.0.0.0 because they reference input records that are no longer in use.


F49152F50787
You can now view the end time for policy executions in the Execution History pane of the Design workspace.US383244
You can now access the query specified in a Query node or the R script specified in an R Script node directly from the node. To facilitate this enhancement, the Open in New Window button () has been added to the Properties window of these nodes.
US374240You can now configure different policy execution history retention duration settings for executions which result in Errors, Warnings (Action Taken), Warnings (No Action Taken), Success (Action Taken), or Success (No Action Taken).When the GE Digital APM database is upgraded, if an overall policy execution history retention duration setting was previously configured, this setting will be applied for all execution results.US330806To improve the performance of the Query node, the result set of the node is now restricted to the first 10,000 rows of the query result.DE117522
Table 3. Resolved Issues
The following issues, which existed in one or more previous versions, have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDIn APM V4.3.1.x, when you modified a policy containing multiple Create Event and/or Close Event nodes configured to use the same Event name, the policy model was corrupted, and the policy did not execute as expected. This issue has been resolved. Note: Policies that were corrupted continue to execute incorrectly. For assistance to correct affected policies, contact GE Digital Support.DE131111Previously, when you mapped the output from a Last, Max, or Min node operating on the result set from a Query Alert node into a successor node and saved the policy, and then reloaded the policy, the mapping to the successor node was lost. This issue has been resolved. DE129953
Previously, on the Policy Designer Overview page, the Overdue Recommendations list did not display the correct State Assignee user. This issue has been resolved.

Note: To facilitate this change, the query used by the Overdue Policy Recommendations list has been updated. If you have previously customized this query, copy the new query from the baseline folder to the public folder and apply the customizations again.

DE128404Previously, on the Policy Designer Overview page, the tiles did not display any results, and the My Policy Recommendations list did not display any results for users other than super users. This issue has been resolved.DE126120Previously, in the Math node, an error occurred when you modified an equation containing an indexed variable name conflicting with an input variable name. This issue has been resolved.DE125923Previously, if you added a new family, or added a field to an existing family, and then used the family or field in an Entity, Create Entity, Edit Entity, Create Relationship, or Delete Relationship node, an error indicating that the node was inactive occurred during execution of the policy. This issue has been resolved. DE122975Previously, if you assigned multiple users to a policy, the number of instances associated with the policy appeared incorrectly in the Policies section of the Policy Designer Overview page. This issue has been resolved.DE119853Previously, if the execution or validation of an Email node in a sub policy resulted in an error, no execution details were displayed for the node, and the policy execution history did not indicate that an error had occurred. This issue has been resolved.DE117263Previously, if you added a field to a family, and then added the same field to a query that is represented by a Query node, the execution of the Query node failed. This issue has been resolved.DE115326Previously, if you used an Edit, Create, or Delete Entity, Create or Delete Relationship node in a sub policy, the execution history details did not include the results for the node, and the policy-level execution history may not have indicated that an error or warning occurred. This issue has been resolved.DE114017





On this pageRelease Date: June 19, 2020Release Date: May 8, 2020









