


Fourth Quarter of 2021 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Thickness MonitoringOverview
Workflows
Corrosion Analyses in Thickness Monitoring
TMLs
TML Groups
Thickness Measurements
T-Min Calculations
Piping Rotation and Flip
Dataloggers in Thickness Monitoring
Data Loaders
Admin
Deployment
Reference
Release NotesSecond Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
Second Quarter of 2022
First Quarter of 2022
Fourth Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Third Quarter of 2020
Second Quarter of 2020
First Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
Third Quarter of 2019
Second Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018












Home
Thickness Monitoring
Release Notes
Fourth Quarter of 2021







Fourth Quarter of 2021Release Date: December 17, 2021This topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on this date.
Table 1. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDThe following enhancements have been made to the Minimum Thickness (T-min) calculator:A new source to calculate Minimum Thickness (T-Min) has been incorporated. Now, the T-min value is calculated based on the difference between Nominal Thickness and Corrosion Allowance.You can now override Minimum Thickness Type. To support this functionality, Override Minimum Thickness Type field has been added to the Thickness Measurement Location family. Now, you can change the Minimum Thickness Type without accessing the T-Min Calculator window.You can now calculate Minimum Thickness (T-Min) using policy. To support this functionality, the Minimum Thickness (T-Min) Formula Policy field has been added to the Thickness Monitoring Rules Lookup family. In addition, this field has also been added to the datasheet allowing you to configure the Minimum Thickness formulas in GE Digital APM Predix (cloud) environment.US509814You can now filter the Thickness Measurements based on a defined interval when calculating Short Term and Long Term Corrosion Rates. To support this functionality the following enhancements have been made:Use Minimum Measurement Interval for Corrosion Rates option has been added to the TM Admin Preferences page. When you enable this preference, an application wide minimum interval including the site-specific intervals are defined.Thickness Monitoring calculation has been enhanced to use the Use Minimum Measurement Interval for Corrosion Rates preference and determine which measurements to consider for Short Term and Long Term Corrosion Rate calculations.Two new fields have been added to the TML Corrosion Analysis datasheet to indicate whether or not the corrosion rate is based on the usage of the Minimum Measurement Interval.US509585To continue the device support for Olympus (Panametrics) 38DL Plus Ultrasonic Thickness Gage in GE Digital APM, the Meridium Device Service has been updated to support the new driver update. To facilitate this update, when you install the latest version of the Meridium Device Service, you must install the latest version of the Olympus GageView software, which includes the specified drivers update. Similarly, if you have installed the latest version of the Olympus GageView software, you must install the latest Meridium Device Service.US508989In the Data Loaders page, when loading the data into the database using the following equipment, the performance has been improved.Thickness Monitoring EquipmentThickness Monitoring Functional LocationThickness Monitoring Piping EquipmentThickness Monitoring Piping Functional LocationThe change in performance increases significantly with increase in the volume of the data loaded for the corresponding Asset and the associated number of TML groups.DE166555
Table 2. Resolved Issues
The following issues, which existed in one or more previous versions, have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, deleting the TML Groups with large number of TMLs associated with an asset failed due to a time-out exception. This issue has been resolved. Now, the process of deleting a TML Group has been converted to a scheduled action.US504092Previously, in GE Digital APM, if you modified the Corrosion Inspection Type system code table to customize the list of available Inspection Types in Thickness Monitoring and had attempted to load data using the Thickness Monitoring data loader, the list of Inspection Types was being saved for all the users in GE Digital APM. This resulted in an error when other users attempted to load the data using a different list of Inspection Types. The following error appeared in the dataloader log stating that, Inspection Type UT is not valid/available to create corrosion analysis settings for the linked Asset ' <Asset ID>', and hence skipping this row. This issue has been resolved.DE171210Previously, for the Thickness Measurement Locations (TMLs) that are related to a Piping Band type TML Group on a Piping Asset in an Oracle database, if you attempted to send the TMLs to the datalogger device, it failed. This issue has been resolved.DE170947Previously, in the Measurements section, when you created a Thickness Measurement record as a user with a non-imperial UOM conversion set, if there were additional required fields configured on the Thickness Measurement family, the value specified in the Readings field of the Add Measurement window was incorrectly copied to the datasheet. This issue has been resolved.DE170639Previously, when you created settings for an asset in the Corrosion Analysis Settings workspace, if you had selected any Inspection Type other than UT, a duplicate analysis record was created. This issue has been resolved.DE169662Previously, in the left navigation pane of Analysis Overview page, when you modified and saved a TML for an asset or a TML Group that had more than 25 directly linked TMLs, and then navigated back to the asset or TML Group, the TML list in the left navigation pane was incorrectly displayed. This issue has been resolved.DE169354Previously, when you viewed the Details page of a TML Group and switched to other tabs in GE Digital APM and then navigated back to the Details page tab of the TML Group, the corresponding TML Group did not appear as selected in the tree and the datasheet failed to appear. This issue has been resolved.DE166078
Release Date: October 8, 2021This topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on this date.
Table 3. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDTo align with the API specification more closely, the minimum thickness calculations for Thickness Measurement Locations of Welded Shell or Riveted Shell type tanks has been modified. It now considers the value of Height in the below formula as the distance from the bottom of the Course Number under consideration till the Maximum Operating Fill Height. Previously, the value of the Maximum Operating Fill Height was used when calculating minimum thickness for these types of Thickness Measurement Locations.Any Thickness Measurement Locations of these types of tanks where minimum thickness has previously been calculated and saved, must be recalculated. For more information on identifying applicable assets and steps for recalculating T-Min, refer to KBA 000037226.US483111To align better with the API specification, the minimum thickness calculations for Thickness Measurement Locations of Piping have been modified. To facilitate this enhancement, PipingB31.3, FormulaD now considers the Inside Diameter when calculating the minimum thickness of a Piping.US457149
Table 4. Resolved Issues
The following issues, which existed in one or more previous versions, have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, TM overview data was not displayed for a selected level in the Asset Hierarchy. This issue has been resolved. Now, TM Overview baseline queries are delivered again to consider the current level.Note: Baseline queries are not delivered if there are any changes in the overview queries. See the upgrade section for more details.US491678Previously, when you created a TML Record using the Create TML window, you were able to create TMLs with duplicate IDs even though an error was expected. This issue has been resolved.DE166165Previously, in the Datalogger page, you were able to select up to 10,000 TMLs to review while using an SQL database. However, an error appeared preventing you from sending the selected TMLs to the device. This issue has been resolved. Now, you can send up to 10,000 selected TMLs to the device directly. However, all the 10,000 TMLs do not appear in the grid, as the maximum number of TMLs displayed in the grid are limited to 5,000 for an SQL Database. For an Oracle database, the selection limit is 1,000 TMLs.
DE165912DE165590
Previously, in the Analysis Overview page of an asset, when you attempted to view the TMLs section for an asset with more than 1,000 TMLs in an Oracle database, an error appeared. This issue has been resolved.DE165692Previously, when you selected more than 10,000 TMLs in the Send To section of the Datalogger page, a message appeared indicating that there were too many TMLs to display, but you were able to send the data to any selected device. However, if you switched to other tabs in the GE Digital APM and then accessed the tab of the Datalogger page again, the grid would attempt to load the selected TMLs, and a query execution error appeared. This issue has been resolved. Now, the grid does not attempt to load the selected TMLs, and no error message appears.DE165382Previously, when the culture setting had numeric values formatted using comma as the radix, the numeric values in the TML Data in the Datalogger of the Send To page appeared incorrectly. This issue has been resolved.DE164935Previously, for Analysis Output section, when you selected a link for the Thickness Measurement Location in the view all pop-up window, it navigated to an incorrect Thickness Measurement Location record. This issue has been resolved.DE164357Previously, when an asset was associated with multiple piping components, the performance reduced significantly when you renewed an individual piping component. This issue has been resolved.DE161944Previously, when you were updating corrosion analysis setting from Asset or TML Group to TML level, there was no indicator that the corrosion analysis settings data was loading, and you were able to finish the update before the corrosion analysis settings data completed loading. This issue has been resolved.DE160728Previously, an attempt to delete a piping component failed, if there were Thickness Measurements associated with the Thickness Measurement Locations. This issue has been resolved.DE160315Previously, as a metric user, when you modified the fields related to the calculation of Allowable Stress and when the Override Allowable Stress field was set to True, the Allowable Stress field was updated with an incorrect value. This issue has been resolved.DE158560Previously, when a Thickness Measurement Location had a Skipped Measurement record as its last active measurement and you updated the data for the other TML records in the asset, the Analysis Output section did not display updated data for the following fields if the Controlling Corrosion Rate of the asset became less than the TML’s Controlling Corrosion Rate: Asset Average Corrosion RateAsset Average Corrosion Rate Next Inspection DateAsset Average Corrosion Rate Remaining LifeAsset Average Corrosion Rate Retirement DateThis issue has been resolved.DE157798Previously, when attempting to populate the fields necessary to look up the Allowable Stress value on a Thickness Measurement Location record, the following fields were incorrectly marked as required if the Tank Type field was set to Annular Ring: Code Year (Allowable Stress Lookup)Material SpecificationMaterial GradeThis issue has been resolved. Now, only the following fields are required to populate Allowable Stress when the Tank Type field is set to Annular Ring: Design CodeTank DiameterSpecific GravityMaximum Operating Fill HeightPlate ThicknessDE157683Previously, some queries incorrectly included direct joins to the Equipment family. This issue has been resolved. Now, Thickness Monitoring supports both Equipment and Functional Location families in the baseline product and these queries have been corrected. The following table provides a list of queries affected and their corresponding Thickness Monitoring Overview widget or tile by title.
QueryCorresponding Overview Widget/TilePublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Assets Near or Past RetirementAssets Near or Past Retirement TilePublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Assets with TM TasksTM Tasks WidgetPublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Corrosion DistributionCorrosion Rate Distribution Graph WidgetPublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Excessive CorrosionExcessive Corrosion TilePublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Remaining Life Less Than 180 MonthsRemaining Life Graph WidgetPublic\Meridium\Modules\Thickness Monitoring\Queries\Thickness InspectionsThickness Inspections Tile
DE157675Previously, if a secured user was associated with the Metric UOM Conversion Set, when viewing the T-Min Calculator page for an Asset, the minimum thickness value that appeared in the Current column was incorrect. This issue has been resolved.DE157671Previously, when you attempted to sort the Thickness Measurement grid by the Measurement Taken Date column, the Thickness Measurement grid was incorrectly sorted. This issue has been resolved.DE157673





On this pageRelease Date: December 17, 2021Release Date: October 8, 2021









