


Asset Health Manager Deployment | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health ManagerAsset Health Manager Deployment
Upgrade or Update Asset Health Manager


Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Asset Health Manager
Asset Health Manager Deployment







Asset Health Manager DeploymentDeploy AHM for the First Time Before You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1Assign Security Users to one or more of the Asset Health Manager Security Roles.This step is required.
2

Determine the equipment or location whose overall health you want to evaluate, and make sure that an asset record exists in the database for this equipment or location and is included in the Asset Hierarchy configuration.

This step is required.

3
Configure Health Indicator Mapping records for each family that you want to use as a health indicator source, for which a baseline Health Indicator Mapping record does not already exist.
This step is required.
Baseline Health Indicator Mapping records exist for the following health indicator source families: 
Measurement LocationKPIHealth Indicator 

4
Link each asset record to the record(s) that you want to use as a health indicator source records.This step is required.
5
For any specific records in a health indicator source family for which you do not want health indicators to be created, exclude these records from the automatic health indicator creation.This step is optional.
6
Review the baseline event mappings and modify or create new mappings as necessary to customize the information that is displayed in the Events section in Asset Health Manager.This step is optional.
Refer to the Asset Health Manager end user help for more information about events.





On this pageDeploy AHM for the First Time 









