


Exida Project Files | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


SIS ManagementOverview
Workflows
SIL Analysis
Logic Solvers
Instrumented Functions
Common Cause Failures
Concurrent Safe State Hazards
SIL Assessment
SIL Verification
SIL Validation
SIS Trip Reports
SRS Templates
SRS Projects
SRS Categories
Exida Project Files
Admin
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
SIS Management
Exida Project Files







Exida Project FilesAbout Exida Project FilesYou can import data from an Exida project file (.exi or .exp) to GE Digital APM. You can also export the data from GE Digital APM as an .exi file. It stores data related to one or more Protective Instrument Loops in an SIL analysis.Note: Importing and exporting project files to and from exSILentia is not supported on mobile devices (for example, tablets or mobile phones).Import Data From ExidaAbout This Task
This topic describes how to import an exSILentia file from Exida. GE Digital APM supports exSILentia v3 (.exi file) and exSILentia v4 (.exp file). The exSILentia file stores data related to one or more Protective Instrument Loops in an SIL analysis.
Note:
Importing and exporting project files to and from exSILentia is not supported on mobile devices (for example, tablets or mobile phones).

Procedure
Access the SIS Management Overview page.
Tip: You can also access the SIS Management Overview page for a selected hierarchy level.
Select Import from Exida.
The Import from Exida Project window appears.



Provide the path to the exSILentia file that you want to import, and then select Next.
A list of Instrumented Functions appears.



Select the Instrumented Functions whose data you want to import, and then select Next.
A list of SIL Analyses in the GE Digital APM system appears.



If you want to include the selected Instrumented Functions in an existing analysis, select the analysis from the list, and then select Finish. 
The selected Instrumented Functions are appended to the selected SIL Analysis.
-or-
If you want to create a new SIL analysis to include the selected Instrumented Functions: 

Select Create New Analysis. 
A blank datasheet for an SIL Analysis appears. 




As needed, enter values in the available fields, and then select .
The SIL Analysis is created, and the selected Instrumented Functions are linked to it.

Export Data To ExidaAbout This Task
This topic describes how to export data to Exida. The data is related to one or more Protective Instrument Loops that are part of an SIL analysis.
Note:
Importing and exporting project files to and from exSILentia is not supported on mobile devices (e.g., tablets or mobile phones).

ProcedureAccess the SIS Management Overview page. 
Tip: You can also access the SIS Management Overview page for a selected hierarchy level.
In the upper-right corner of the page, select Export to Exida.
The Export to Exida Project window appears, displaying a list of SIL Analyses.



Select the SIL Analysis that is linked to the Instrumented Functions that you want to export, and then select Next.
A list of Instrumented Functions linked to the selected SIL Analysis appears.



Select the Instrumented Functions that you want to export, and then select Next.
A list of Protective Instrument Loops linked to the selected Instrumented Functions appears.



Select the Protective Instrument Loops that you want to export, and then select Next.
The Select Location Path tab appears, displaying the File Name box.



Provide the file name, and then select Finish.
The Save As window appears
Navigate to the location where you want to save the report, and then select Save.The data related to the selected loops is exported into a .exi file.Note: The actions required in steps 6 and 7 may differ slightly depending on the browser that you use and the browser settings.




On this pageAbout Exida Project FilesImport Data From ExidaExport Data To Exida









