


User Actions | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


AssetsOverview
Asset HierarchyAsset Hierarchy
Administrator Actions
User Actions
Legacy User Actions


Workflows
Instances
Groups
Classifications
Asset and Tag Instance Search
Asset Restrictions
Manage Ingestion
Asset Developer Documentation
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Assets
Asset Hierarchy
User Actions







User ActionsAbout Asset Groups Based on QueriesThe ability to create an Asset Group based on a query allows a user to apply an analysis to a dynamic group of assets (that is, equipment, functional locations, and RBI components). When a user bases a new Asset Group on a query, the Asset Group is dynamic in that it is subject to change as assets change with respect to the parameters of the query.Every time you access an Asset Group that is based on a query, the query is freshly run. For example, the day you create an Asset Group using a query, the query it is based on may populate it with 10 assets. If you were to access the same Asset Group a month later, the query would run afresh and may populate the Asset Group with more or fewer than 10, depending on the number of assets that will meet the parameters of the query the second time around. If you want to run a static query that is populated with specific assets, you need to provide an entity key. The entity key should be provided in the first column of your query, in the ENTY_KEY column. Additionally, when you apply an analysis to an Asset Group that is based on a query, the Asset Group is no longer dynamic. Instead, the assets returned by the base query at the time when you apply the analysis are the exact assets for which that analysis will always apply.You cannot use an Asset Group that is based on a query as a filter in a module overview page where asset filtering is available. You must convert the dynamic Asset Group to a static group to use it as a filter.Lastly, you cannot modify Asset Groups that are based on queries. You must create a new Asset Group.Create an Asset GroupBefore You BeginBefore you can create an Asset Group based on a query, you must create a query on which you want to base your Asset Group, if it does not already exist.ProcedureTo create an asset group from scratch:Access the Assets page.In the left pane, select Group, and then select .
The New Asset Group workspace appears.



In the Group Name box, enter a name for the new asset group.In the Group Description box, enter a brief description for the group.To add a Parent to the Asset Group, above the Select a Parent box, select . The Asset Finder window appears.In the Asset Finder window, use the Asset Hierarchy to select  for the level of the hierarchy with which you want to associate the group, and then select Done.Above the Add Assets box, select . The Asset Finder window appears.In the Asset Finder window, using either the Asset Hierarchy or a preexisting Asset Group, select  for the asset(s) that you want to add to the group, and then select Done.In the workspace heading, select Save.The group is saved, and appears in the Asset Group section.Note:  Relationships are determined while creating an Asset Group during an associated module workflow.To create an asset group based on a query:Access the Assets page.In the left pane, select Group, and then select .
The New Asset Group workspace appears.
In the Group Name box, enter a name for the new asset group.In the Group Description box, enter a brief description for the group.To add a Parent to the Asset Group, above the Select a Parent box, select . The Asset Finder window appears.Above the Select a Query box, select .The Select a Query from the Catalog window appears.Navigate to the query on which you want to base the new Asset Group, and then select that query.The Select a Query box is populated with the query path.Select Save.The group is saved, and appears in the Asset Group section.Filter AssetsAbout This Task
Steps: Apply a Filter to the Asset Hierarchy
ProcedureTo apply a filter to the Asset Hierarchy:Access the Assets page.In the left pane, in the Hierarchy section, select .The Filter menu appears.Optionally, in the CATEGORY drop-down list box, select a taxonomy category.Optionally, in the CLASS drop-down list box, select a taxonomy class.Optionally, in the TYPE drop-down list box, select a taxonomy type.Select Apply.The hierarchy is filtered according to your selection.To apply a filter to asset groups:Access the Assets page.In the left pane, in the Group section, select .The Group Filter window appears.Optionally, in the Relationship box, select a relationship by which to filter.Optionally, select Hierarchy Filter.The Hierarchy Finder window appears.In the Asset Hierarchy, in the row for each asset by which you want to filter groups, select . Select OK.The list of applied filters appears on the Group Filter window.Select Done.The groups are filtered according to your selection.Search for an AssetProcedureAccess the Assets page.In the left pane, in either the Asset Hierarchy section or the Asset Group section, select  , and then, in the text box, enter your search criteria. For more information, refer to the Search section of the documentation.The search results appear in a list in the left pane.Note: You can now search for the functional location or the equipment by applying the taxonomy filter.Copy an Asset Group Based on a QueryBefore You Begin
Before you can copy an Asset Group based on a query, the system must contain an Asset Group that is based on a query.
ProcedureAccess the Assets page.In the left pane, select Group, and then select the group that you want to copy.
The properties for the selected group appear in the <Group Name> workspace, where <Group Name> is the name of the group. 
Select Save As a Static Group.
The copy of the new group appears in the <Group Name> workspace, where <Group Name> is the name of the copied group. The asset group copy contains all of the assets that were in the previous group. The new asset group is saved automatically. 
Note:  The asset group you choose to copy must use a query or the Save As a Static Group button will not appear. 
What To Do Next
Modify an Asset Group
Modify an Asset GroupProcedureAccess the Assets page.In the left pane, select Group, and then select the group that you want to modify.
The selected group's properties appear in the <Group Name> workspace, where <Group Name> is the name of the group.
Modify the properties as needed, and then, in the workspace heading, select Save.
The changes are saved.
Tip: If you want to delete an Asset Group, in the workspace for the Asset Group, select Delete. You cannot delete an Asset Group that is linked to an analysis. If you attempt to delete an Asset Group that is linked to one or more analyses, a message displaying the names of the linked analyses appears. If the Asset Group is linked to no analyses, a confirmation window appears. Select Yes to delete the Asset Group.





On this pageAbout Asset Groups Based on QueriesCreate an Asset GroupFilter AssetsSearch for an AssetCopy an Asset Group Based on a QueryModify an Asset Group









