


Spare Application Populations | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Reliability AnalyticsReliability Analytics: Overview
Automation Rules
Probability Distribution
Production Analysis
Reliability Distribution
Reliability Growth
Spares AnalysisSpares Analysis: Overview
Spares Analysis: Workflow
Spares Analyses
Spares
Spare Applications
Spare Application Populations
Failure Distributions
Monte Carlo Simulations


System Reliability
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Reliability Analytics
Spares Analysis
Spare Application Populations







Spare Application PopulationsAccess a Spare Application PopulationProcedure
Access the Spare Application for which you want to view an associated Spare Application Population.
The Populations section appears, displaying the list of Application Populations associated with the selected Spare Application.
The details of the selected Spare Application Populations appear in the following columns: 

Name: The name of the Spare Application Population. This is a required field. The name of each Spare Application Population must be unique to the root Spare Application. 
Age: The operational age of the population of equipment that is associated with the data in the linked Spare Application and Spare. Age value is the amount of time that the population has been in use. 
Population Size: The number of pieces of equipment that share the same age. 
Age Time Unit: The unit of measure associated with the Age. By default, the Age Time Unit list is set to Years. 
Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes.



Create a Spare Application PopulationBefore You Begin

Create a Spare Application

Procedure
Access the Spare Application for which you want to create a new Spare Application Population.In the grid in the Populations section, in the last row, enter the information in the available fields, and then select . The name of each Spare Application Population must be unique to the root record.
Tip: You can add more that one Spare Application Population and save them all together. 
The Spare Application Population is saved.
Results
The new Spare Application Population is linked to the Spare automatically.
What To Do Next


Run a Monte Carlo Simulation


Delete a Spare Application PopulationProcedure
Access the Spare Application Population that you want to delete.In the upper-right corner of the Populations section, select .
The check boxes appear to the left of each Spare Application Population entry.
Select the check box for a Spare Application Population that you want to delete.
Tip: You can select more than one Spare Application Population to delete.
In the upper-right corner of the Populations section, select , and then select .
The Alert window appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Spare Application Population. 
Select Yes. 
The selected Spare Application Population is deleted. The updated list of Spare Application Populations appears in the Populations section.





On this pageAccess a Spare Application PopulationCreate a Spare Application PopulationDelete a Spare Application Population









