


Event Categories | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Event Categories







Event CategoriesAccess an Event CategoryProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Categories.
The Event Categories subsection appears, displaying the following columns of information:

Event Category ID: This column is populated based on the value in the Entity ID field. 
Event Category Code

Category Description

Associated Event Types

Color Code

Mapped ID

Regulatory Organization




Locate the row that contains the Event Category that you want to access.In the Event Category ID column, select the link.
The Edit Event Categories window appears, displaying the datasheet of the selected Event Category.
Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes.
Add an Event CategoryProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Categories.
The Event Categories subsection appears.



In the upper-left corner of the Event Categories section, select .
The Add Event Category window appears.
As needed, enter the values in the available fields.Select .
The new Event Category is added. 
Delete an Event CategoryAbout This Task
Important: You must not delete a baseline Event Category.
Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Categories.
The Event Categories subsection appears.
Select the row containing the Event Category that you want to delete.In the upper-right corner of the Event Category section, select .
The Delete Event Category dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Event Category.
Select Yes.
The selected Event Category is deleted, and the updated list of Event Categories appears.





On this pageAccess an Event CategoryAdd an Event CategoryDelete an Event Category









