


Amplification Codes | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Amplification Codes







Amplification CodesAccess an Amplification CodeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Amplification Codes.
The Amplification Codes subsection appears, displaying the following columns of information:

Amplification Code

Code Description

Unit Type

Event Type

Regulatory Organization




Locate the row that contains the Amplification Code that you want to access. In the Amplification Code column, select the link.
The Edit Amplification Code window appears, displaying the datasheet of the selected Amplification Code.
Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes. 
Add an Amplification CodeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes subsection, select Amplification Codes.

The Amplification Codes section appears.



In the upper-left corner of the Amplification Codes section, select .
The Add Amplification Code window appears.
As needed, enter the values in the available fields.Select .
The new Amplification Code is added. 
Delete an Amplification CodeAbout This Task
Important:  You must not delete a baseline Amplification Code.
Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes subsection, select Amplification Codes.
The Amplification Codes section appears.
Select the row containing the Amplification Code that you want to delete.In the upper-right corner of the Amplification Codes section, select .
The Delete Amplification Code dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Event Type.
Select Yes.
The selected Amplification Code is deleted and the updated list of Amplification Codes appears.





On this pageAccess an Amplification CodeAdd an Amplification CodeDelete an Amplification Code









