


Second Quarter of 2019 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Policy DesignerOverview
Workflow
Policy Management
Security Settings
Policy Models
Policy Instances
Policy Logic Validation
Policy Execution
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
Reference
Release NotesSecond Quarter of 2023
First Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
First Quarter of 2022
Fourth Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Second Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
Third Quarter of 2019
Second Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018












Home
Policy Designer
Release Notes
Second Quarter of 2019







Second Quarter of 2019Policy DesignerThis topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on the dates listed below.Release Date: June 28, 2019
Table 1. Resolved Issues
The following issues that existed in one or more previous versions have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, in the Properties window for a Create Entity node, if you specified values for more than two fields of the new entity, and then saved the policy, when you reloaded the policy, sometimes the values of only the first two fields were retained. This issue has been resolved.DE111238Previously, when a vector output of an R Script returned only one value during the execution or validation of a policy, an error occurred. This issue has been resolved.DE110279
Release Date: June 28, 2019
Table 2. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDThe messages written in the server logs by the Policy Execution Service and Policy Trigger Service are now more specific to the logging levels.US347947
Table 3. Resolved Issues
The following issues that existed in one or more previous versions have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, if you copied and renamed an Input node of the policy model, and then saved the policy, the following issues occurred until you reloaded the policy:The renamed node did not appear in the instances associated with the policy.All instances associated with the policy were deactivated due to which the policy was not executed.The validation of the policy failed with an error message, indicating that you had not specified any record for the new Input node.These issues have been resolved.DE109329Previously, when the job configured to delete the execution history logs ran, the following issues intermittently occurred:The old Execution History records were not deleted.The policy execution transactions were reverted because the Execution History table of the database was locked by the job. This resulted in the execution failure of policies while the job was in progress.These issues have been resolved.
DE106869DE101822

Release Date: April 18, 2019
Table 4. Resolved Issues
The following issues that existed in one or more previous versions have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, when you started the Policy Execution Service or Policy Trigger Service, if the Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ) stopped responding or could not be accessed, the service failed to start. This issue has been resolved.US341549Previously, in the Properties window for a Math node, when you specified the names of some variables, an error message appeared in the notification bar, indicating a conflict between variable names, even when there was no apparent conflict in the specified names. This issue occurred when two variable names contained the same string and one of them contained an underscore or numeric value after the string. This issue has been resolved. Now, in these scenarios, the following events occur:If one of the variable names contains an underscore after the string, no notification appears in the notification bar.If one of the variable names contains a numeric value after the string and if there is a possibility of conflict between the variable names during the execution of the policy, a warning appears in the notification bar.DE107317Previously, in the Properties window for a Create Entity node, in the Value box, if you specified a value which is same as the default value of the corresponding field, the execution of the policy failed, and an error message appeared in the Node Execution Details window for the node, indicating that the index size is incorrect. This issue has been resolved.DE106599Previously, in the Properties window for a Create Recommendation node, in the Create Work Request section, if you selected Yes, the execution of the policy failed, and no work request was created in the configured Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) system for the new Policy Recommendation record. This issue has been resolved.DE99104





On this pagePolicy Designer









