


First Quarter of 2019 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Policy DesignerOverview
Workflow
Policy Management
Security Settings
Policy Models
Policy Instances
Policy Logic Validation
Policy Execution
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
Reference
Release NotesSecond Quarter of 2023
First Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
First Quarter of 2022
Fourth Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Second Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
Third Quarter of 2019
Second Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018












Home
Policy Designer
Release Notes
First Quarter of 2019







First Quarter of 2019Policy DesignerThis topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on the dates listed below.Release Date: March 29, 2019
Table 1. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDTo improve the performance of the Predix Time Series node, the default number of readings that the Predix Time Series node retrieves from a Time Series data source has been reduced from 500000 to 10000.US327520The following policies are now available as part of the baseline GE Digital APM:DateAdd: To add a time interval value to a time stamp value. This policy is designed to be used as a sub policy, as an alternative for a date add function in a query or R script.DateDiff: To calculate the difference between time stamp values in terms of the following units of time:YearsWeeksDaysHoursMinutesThis policy is designed to be used as a sub policy, as an alternative for a date difference function in a query or R script.
US314617US314615
The Edit Entity node now updates records from a collection of values irrespective of the name of the collection column containing the entity keys. To facilitate this enhancement, the Entity Key Column drop-down list box has been added to the Properties window for the Edit Entity node where you can specify the collection column containing the entity keys.US314481The minimum time interval that you can configure to run a job that deletes the execution history logs from the database is now increased to one hour.Note: If you had specified the time interval value for the job in minutes, the specified value is rounded up to the nearest value in hours, and the updated value appears in the Execution History Settings workspace. However, the job will continue to run at the time intervals that you had specified until you save the modified settings for the job.US311726You can now view the execution result of a Sub Policy node in the execution summary of the policy. To facilitate this enhancement, the policy execution summary has been modified to display the number of times the Sub Policy node executed the associated sub policy.US306760You can now access the execution details of a sub policy from the calling policy. To facilitate this enhancement, the View Execution Details link, which can be used to view the policy model and execution details of the sub policy in a separate window, has been added to the Node Execution Details window for the Sub Policy node.US306756You can now configure a policy to apply an asset strategy template to an asset or asset strategy. To facilitate this enhancement, the Apply Strategy Template node has been added to the Actions section of the toolbar in the Design workspace.US298658You can now convert the output value of a node to another data type. To facilitate this enhancement, the Convert Type node has been added to the Calculations section of the toolbar in the Design workspace.US297271The R Scripts module now supports Machine Learning Server 9.2.1 in addition to R Server 8.0.0. To facilitate this enhancement, in the Connections page, the R Server Version drop-down list box has been added to enable you to select the version of your R Server.US283973When you deploy Policy Designer for the first time or upgrade to version 4.3.0.7.0, you must configure the Meridium Notification Service to enable the Policy Execution Service. DE103226While configuring the properties of a Create Alert node, you can now select the following values for the Boolean attributes:Yes: Sets the attribute value to True.No: Sets the attribute value to False.To facilitate this enhancement, the Value text box corresponding to the Boolean attributes has been replaced with the Yes and No options.DE97664In the Properties window for the Create Alert and Query Alerts nodes, the Asset UUID field has been renamed Asset Unique ID.
DE90491DE90280

Table 2. Resolved Issues
The following issues that existed in one or more previous versions have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, if multiple entities were associated with an entity ID that you specified in the Policy Instance Data Loader, no records associated with the entity ID were mapped to the instance. Now, in this scenario, if one of the records associated with the entity ID is linked to the primary record of the instance, the record that is linked to the primary record is mapped to the instance.US311492Previously, if Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ) stopped responding or could not be accessed, the Policy Trigger Service and Policy Execution Service failed to automatically reconnect with MSMQ even after it became available again. This issue has been resolved.US307302Previously, if the Time Series data contained a non-numeric value, the Predix Time Series node could not retrieve the data, and the execution of the policy failed. Now, in this scenario, the Predix Time Series node can retrieve both numeric and non-numeric values from the Time Series data source.DE104977Previously, the collection of values returned by a sub policy was incorrectly mapped to the columns of the collection output of the corresponding Sub Policy node in the calling policy. This issue has been resolved.DE102425Previously, if you frequently switched between pages, workspaces, windows, or sections while using Policy Designer for a long period of time, the following issues occurred:The Design workspace took a long time to load.Operations in the Design workspace, such as moving a node, took a long time.The internet browser intermittently stopped responding.These issues have been resolved.DE102142Previously, in a policy that contained a Predix Time Series node and a primary node configured to represent an asset, if an error occurred when you specified a Time Series tag for an instance, an error message appeared every time you added or deleted any node from the policy model. This issue has been resolved. Now, in this scenario, the error message appears only when you add or delete an Input node from the policy model.DE101979Previously, if you mapped the collection output of a node to a Last node that was not its immediate successor node in the policy model, and then mapped the output of the Last node to an Is Null node, the input mappings of the Is Null node were not retained. This issue occurred when you saved and then reloaded the policy. This issue has been resolved.DE101761Previously, after successfully processing data, the data loader log displayed a record count of 0. Now, the data loader log displays the correct record count.DE100703Previously, if you deleted the Input node that represented the primary record for an instance and saved the policy, when you specified the primary record for any instance using the Policy Instance Data Loader, the primary record was not mapped to the instance. This issue has been resolved.DE99335Previously, if you configured a Case node or Is Null node to pass a time stamp value to an Add Value to Health Indicator node, the validation and execution of the Add Value to Health Indicator node failed, and an error message appeared in the Execution Details window indicating that the date is not in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). This issue has been resolved.DE98447Previously, if you validated or executed a policy that contained a Math node with an invalid mathematical expression, an incorrect error message appeared, indicating an R Server connection issue. This issue has been resolved.DE98244Previously, if you executed a policy that contained an Edit Entity node from another GE Digital APM module, an incorrect value was updated in the record mapped to the node. This issue occurred if your user account was configured with Metric Unit of Measure (UOM) preferences, and the base UOM configured for the field updated by the policy was not a Metric unit. This issue has been resolved.DE98240Previously, when you imported instances for multiple policies using the same Policy Instance Data Loader workbook, the following issues occurred:The data loader was successfully imported without any error message.The imported instances were incorrectly associated with the policies.These issues have been resolved. Now, in this scenario, the data loader is not imported and an error message appears in the data loader log, indicating that the instances could not be imported.DE98002Previously, in the Properties window for a Create Alert node, when you specified any value other than true or false for a Boolean attribute, no error message appeared to indicate that the specified values were invalid for the attribute. However, when you executed the policy, the execution failed. This issue has been resolved. Now, the Value box corresponding to the Boolean attributes has been replaced by the Yes and No options so that you cannot specify any invalid value for the attributes.DE97664Previously, in the Instances section of a policy, if you specified a Predix Time Series tag for an instance and saved the policy, when you reloaded the policy, the specified tag did not appear in the Predix Time Series box corresponding to the instance. However, the specified tag was correctly mapped to the Predix Time Series node in the GE Digital APM database, and you could successfully validate and execute the instance. This issue occurred if the instance contained a primary record and if the specified tag was not available among the first 25 tags that appeared in the Select a Time Series Tag window for the Predix Time Series box. This issue has been resolved. Now, in this scenario, the specified tag appears in the Predix Time Series box when you reload the policy.DE97202Previously, if the deletion of an instance failed for any reason, the following issues occurred:The instance was removed from the Instances section of the Design workspace. However, when you reloaded the policy, the instance reappeared in the Instances section.No error message appeared.These issues have been resolved. Now, when you attempt to delete an instance, the following events occur:If the deletion takes a long time, a spinner appears, indicating that the deletion is in progress.If the instance is successfully deleted, confirmation message appears.If the deletion fails, an appropriate error message appears.DE96251Previously, when you accessed the Policy Designer Overview page, the page did not load or took a long time to load. This issue occurred when the GE Digital APM database contained a large number of execution history records. This issue has been resolved.Note: If the issue persists, configure the Policy Designer Overview page to use the alternative query (Policy Overview – Policies Alternate Query) that has been added to the GE Digital APM Catalog. For more information on configuring the alternative query, contact Global Support Services.DE95004Previously, when you executed a policy that contained a Create Relationship node and a Create Entity node configured to create multiple records, the subsequent relationships were not created after the creation of the relationship between the first combination of records. This issue occurred if you specified one of the following inputs for the Create Relationship node:Duplicate predecessor entity keys and the output of the Create Entity node as the successor entity key.The collection output of a Create Entity node as the predecessor or successor entity key.This issue has been resolved.
DE94996DE94795
Previously, if a policy contained a Math node with a variadic function, and the variables of the variadic function represented the columns of a collection, the validation and execution of the policy failed. This issue has been resolved.DE94085Previously, when you attempted to access a policy containing a large number of nodes, one of the following issues occurred:The policy took a long time to load.The policy did not load.This issue has been resolved.DE93538Previously, when you attempted to import policy instance data using the Policy Instance Data Loader, the data was not imported and an error message appeared in the data loader log, indicating that the Instance ID value exceeded the maximum character limit. This issue occurred if you assigned the first field sequence number for the Policy Instance family to a field with a maximum character limit less than the number of characters in the Instance ID specified in the data loader. This issue has been resolved. Now, in this scenario, the data is successfully imported.DE93209Previously, when you attempted to access an imported policy that contained a Create Entity node for a family that did not exist in the GE Digital APM database, the policy did not load. This issue has been resolved. Now, the policy loads regardless of the family is specified for the Create Entity node.DE92631Previously, if you mapped the time stamp output of a node to an input field of a successor node, and then executed the policy, in the Execution Details window for the successor node, the time stamp appeared in the time zone specified for your GE Digital APM user account instead of the policy time zone. This issue has been resolved.DE91644Previously, if you executed a policy that was configured to perform an action on a recently added, modified, or deleted family or family field, the execution failed even though you could successfully validate the policy. This issue has been resolved.DE91301Previously, if you mapped the output of a Health Indicator node to a Comparison node, and then mapped the logical result of the Comparison node to an And or Or node, validation and execution of the policy failed. This issue has been resolved.DE90937Previously, in the Properties window, if you attempted to map a column of a query result to an input field, the drop-down list box to specify the column of the query result did not appear for the following nodes:Create RelationshipDelete EntityDelete RelationshipEdit EntityR ScriptThis issue has been resolved.DE90835Previously, if a policy was executed by a family-level rule or another GE Digital APM module multiple times within a short duration, the execution results for the Math and Text nodes were intermittently incorrect after the first execution. This issue has been resolved.DE89726Previously, irrespective of the display language configured for your user account, the text always appeared in US English for the following items:Name of the Sub Policy node in policies.Name of the policy instance data loader in the Import Data window of the Data Loaders page.This issue has been resolved.DE89416Previously, in the Properties window for the Create Relationship node, if you specified duplicate predecessor or successor entity keys to create multiple one-to-one relationships, and then validated or executed the policy, a validation error occurred for the node. This issue has been resolved.DE89330Previously, when you attempted to access a policy, the policy did not load if it contained the following nodes:A comparison node without an input valueMultiple Sub Policy nodesThis issue has been resolved.DE88744Previously, in the toolbar of the Design workspace, nodes configured to be available only for specific licenses were available even if you did not have the corresponding licenses. This issue has been resolved.DE87323Previously, if you had specified a time zone other than Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for a policy with a Predix Time Series node, and then executed the policy, the time stamp values provided by the Predix Time Series node to the successor nodes were offset by the time difference between UTC and the policy time zone. This issue has been resolved.DE86461
Table 3. Obsolete Features
As of this release, the following items are no longer available.
DescriptionTracking IDIn the Properties window for the Create Alert node, the Recurring option has been removed from the Field drop-down list box.DE91756
Release Date: January 25, 2019
Table 4. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDThe R Scripts module now supports Machine Learning Server 9.2.1 in addition to R Server 8.0.0. To facilitate this enhancement, in the Connections page, the R Server Version drop-down list box has been added to enable you to select the version of your R Server.US28397





On this pagePolicy Designer









