


Spare Applications | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Reliability AnalyticsReliability Analytics: Overview
Automation Rules
Probability Distribution
Production Analysis
Reliability Distribution
Reliability Growth
Spares AnalysisSpares Analysis: Overview
Spares Analysis: Workflow
Spares Analyses
Spares
Spare Applications
Spare Application Populations
Failure Distributions
Monte Carlo Simulations


System Reliability
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Reliability Analytics
Spares Analysis
Spare Applications







Spare ApplicationsAccess a Spare ApplicationProcedure
Access the Spare for which you want to view a Spare Application.Select the Applications tab. 
A list of Applications associated with the selected Spare appears.



In the list, select the hyperlink for the Spare Application whose details you want to view. 
The details of the selected Spare Application appear in the workspace. The following tabs appear in the workspace:


Definition: Displays the name of the selected Spare Application.
Note: As needed, in the Definition section, you can select  to modify the name of the Spare Application, and then select  to save your changes.

Populations: Displays a list of any Spare Application Populations that are linked to the selected Spare Application. This tab is selected by default. 
Failure Distributions: Displays a list of any Failure Distributions that are linked to the selected Spare Application. 
Failure Consequence: Displays the failure consequence information for the selected Spare Application.
Preventive Maintenance: Displays the preventive maintenance information for the selected Spare Application.



Create a Spare Application This topic describes how to create a new Spare Application. You can also copy an existing Spare Application.Before You Begin

Create a Spare

Procedure
Access the Spare for which you want to create a new Spare Application.Select Applications, and then select .
The workspace for the new Spare Application appears.
In the Application Name box, enter the name of the application. The name of each Spare Application must be unique to the root record.Select .
The Spare Application is saved. The workspace for the Spare appears, displaying the Populations section.



Results
The new Spare Application is linked to the Spare automatically.
What To Do Next

Create a Spare Application Population.

Create a Failure Distribution.

Copy a Spare ApplicationThis topic describes how to copy a Spare Application. You can also create a new Spare Application.Before You Begin

Create a Spare

Procedure
Access the Spare for which you want to create a new Spare Application. Select Applications.
The list of Spare Applications associated with the selected Spare appears.



In the Application section, select the row that contains the Application that you want to copy, and then select .
The Copy Application dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to copy the selected Spare Application.
Select Yes.
The new Spare Application appears in the list of available Spare Applications in the following format:
 <Name of the original SpareApplication> - Copy 1 
Where, <Name of the original SpareApplication> is the name of the Spare Application that you copied.
Note: If you want to modify the name of the Spare Application, you can select the Definition tab, and then select . To save your changes, select . The name of each Spare Application must be unique to the root record.
Results
The new Spare Application is linked to the Spare automatically.Any associated Spare Application Populations are copied.Failure Consequence and Preventive Maintenance information is copied.
What To Do Next

Create a Spare Application Population.

Create a Failure Distribution.

Delete a Spare ApplicationAbout This TaskWhen you delete a Spare Application, any associated Spare Application Populations are also deleted.Procedure
Access the Spare for which you want to delete an associated Spare Application.Select Application. 
A list of Spare Applications associated with the selected Spare appears. 



Select the row containing the Spare Application that you want to delete, and then, in the upper-right corner of the section, select . 
The Delete Application dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Spare Application.
Select Yes. 
The selected Spare Application is deleted. The updated list of Spare Applications appears in the Applications section.
Results
Any associated Spare Application Populations are deleted.





On this pageAccess a Spare ApplicationCreate a Spare Application Copy a Spare ApplicationDelete a Spare Application









