


GE Digital APM Client | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search















GE Digital APM ClientHardware Requirements
The following hardware requirements outline the minimum hardware required for any machine or mobile device that will access the GE Digital APM system. These requirements account for the GE Digital APM software only. Additional hardware may be required on clients where other components are installed. These requirements may not be sufficient, depending upon how your system is configured.
Desktops and Laptops
Minimum requirements:
Two Processor Cores, 2 GHz4 GB RAM (8 GB RAM recommended)8 GB of available hard drive space13" screen1024 X 768 screen resolution
Mobile Devices
You can use GE Digital APM on mobile devices either in the GE Digital APM mobile application or in the web browser on the device. The following information is generic and pertains to using the application on mobile devices in either of these scenarios. For specific information regarding the mobile application, see the GE Digital APM Mobile Application portion of the Getting Started section of this documentation.
Support for mobile devices is provided in two resolution view modes: full or limited. Full-resolution view mode supports access to the entire GE Digital APM system. Limited-resolution view mode supports limited access to overview pages and data collection. Resolution view mode is determined by the type of device that is used to access GE Digital APM, and is not a selectable option.

Important: To access GE Digital APM on a mobile device, you must first connect to your corporate virtual private network (VPN).
Note:  Interaction with diagramming and design canvases is not available on touch-screen devices. If needed, use a mouse peripheral to utilize this functionality.


Minimum RequirementsDevices Tested
Minimum requirements for full-resolution view mode:
Two Processor Cores, 2 GHz2 GB RAM8 GB of available hard drive space7" screen
1920 X 1200 screen resolution


Devices used in the GE Digital APM testing environment: 
Apple iPad 4th GenerationApple iPad AirApple iPad Air 2Apple iPad Mini 2Apple iPad Mini 3Microsoft Surface Pro 3

Minimum requirements for limited-resolution view mode:
Two Processor Cores, 1 GHz1 GB RAM8 GB of available hard drive space4" screen1024 X 600 screen resolution

Devices used in the GE Digital APM testing environment: 
Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 (7")Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 (10")


Small Screen Devices
Note: You can access only the Rounds Data Collection module in portrait mode on small screen devices.

Minimum RequirementsDevices Tested
Minimum requirements:
Four Processor Cores, 1.3 GHz1 GB RAM8 GB of available hard drive space
 Minimum screen resolution of 320 pixels wide in portrait mode (4" or larger physical screen size recommended)


Devices used in the GE Digital APM testing environment: 
Lenovo A1000 (480 X 800 screen resolution)


Software Requirements
The following software components are required on any machine or device that will access the GE Digital APM system using a browser. If the software meets the following requirements, you can access GE Digital APM using any operating system.
One of the following browsers is required for desktops, laptops, and mobile devices:

Google Chrome version 80 or later
Note:

New versions of Google Chrome are released every 4 weeks. Each version includes security updates, new features, and possible breaking changes. To ensure compatibility, GE Digital recommends that you use the latest Google Chrome version available. Predix APM has been tested with Google Chrome version 96.

If your system uses Data Guardian from Koingo Software and you use the Google Chrome browser, you may have to use the browser in Incognito mode to successfully access GE Digital APM.


Microsoft EdgeNote:
New versions of Microsoft Edge are released every 4 weeks. Each version includes security updates, new features, and possible breaking changes. To ensure compatibility, GE Digital recommends that you use the latest Microsoft Edge version available. Predix APM has been tested with Microsoft Edge version 96.













