


Management of Change | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Management of Change







Management of ChangeDeploy MoC for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes
1

Assign Security Users to one or more of the MOC Security
 Roles.
This step is required. 
2
Modify the MI_MOC_ANS_OPT System Code Table.
This step is required only if you want to add or modify the values that appear in the Answer field when you create a Question or modify Answer Options in a Question.

3
Modify the MI_Change_Project_Type System Code Table.
This step is required only if you want to add or modify the values that appear in the Change Type field, on the MI MOC Change Project datasheet.

Upgrade MoCBefore You Begin

The following tables outline the steps that you must complete to upgrade this module to the latest version of GE Digital APM
                    .
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

ProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be updated to the latest version of GE Digital APM automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy MoC for the First TimeUpgrade MoC









