


Third Quarter of 2020 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


AssetsOverview
Asset Hierarchy
Workflows
Instances
Groups
Classifications
Asset and Tag Instance Search
Asset Restrictions
Manage Ingestion
Asset Developer Documentation
Reference
Release NotesFirst Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
Third Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Third Quarter of 2020
First Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018
Second Quarter of 2018
First Quarter of 2018












Home
Assets
Release Notes
Third Quarter of 2020







Third Quarter of 2020Release Date: September 18, 2020This topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on this date.
Table 1. Enhancements and New Features
The following enhancements and new features have been added.
DescriptionTracking IDAPM Asset data has been migrated to enhance the backend for better performance. To facilitate the data migration, the following enhancements have been made: If the classification and instance attributes encounter a datatype mismatch, system performs the following actions:The classification attributes are updated to match the most prevalent instance datatype.The instance attributes that do not match with the classification attribute datatype and their values that does not comply with the datatype are renamed with the prefix dtm_<attribute_name> to preserve the datatype and values of the instance attribute. You can later delete these attributes and provide values at the classification level.If the existing tags has UOM or StandardUom attribute values that does not exist in the UOMService of a tenant, they are mapped to the UnknownUOM group. To modify the tags, you must update the attribute values with the existing values in the UOMService by accessing UOMService, Asset Ingestion, or API.For more information, refer to the APM Asset Data Migration documentation.F46402The APM Asset Service has been enhanced to provide better data modeling and advanced query capabilities. To facilitate this enhancement, the following changes have been made:Attribute inheritance has been enforced such that the datatype of the attributes defined within a classification cannot be changed in the classification hierarchy. An instance inherits attributes from the Classification or Type under which it has been created.New reserved attributes, uomGroup and standardUomGroup have been added to identify the group of the UOM.Attributes defined in the root classification cannot be deleted at the child classification level. Similarly, attributes defined in the classification cannot be deleted at the instance level. Attribute datatype cannot be changed in the classification or an instance after the attribute is created.Ingestion flow has been streamlined such that the classifications must be ingested before instances.Source IDs cannot be duplicated. However, same source ID can be assigned to different types of business functional hierarchy and classifications in different cases.The attributes can only be deleted from where it was originally created, that is classification or asset instance.F46399You can now move an instance from one classification to another. However, if an attribute exists in the new classification with the same name as that of an instance, the classification attribute datatype must match the datatype of the instance attribute.US421426
Table 2. Resolved Issues
The following issues, which existed in one or more previous versions, have been resolved.
DescriptionTracking IDPreviously, an asset name could not contain the special characters such as _(underscore), -(hyphen), .(dot), "(quotes), even though the message that appeared when you attempted to include these characters in the asset name, indicates that the name can contain these characters. This issue has been resolved. Now, you can include these characters in an asset name.DE131028Previously, the Time Zone attributes were overwritten during reingestion of the Asset instance. This issue has been resolved.DE128549
Table 3. Obsolete Features
The following features are no longer available.
DescriptionTracking IDYou can no longer update the Instance Classification. Moving a Tag from one Classification to another will result in conflict because attribute inheritance has been implemented.F46399Networks and Templates have been removed from Assets.US418997





On this pageRelease Date: September 18, 2020









