


Overview | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Metrics and ScorecardsOverview
Workflow
Manage Scorecards
Manage Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Manage Metric Views
Manage Privileges
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Metrics and Scorecards
Overview







OverviewOverview of the Metrics and Scorecards ModuleMetrics and Scorecards integrates performance management theory with sophisticated data analysis tools to prompt and facilitate actions that can improve organizational performance.
GE Digital APM Metrics and Scorecards uses Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services that enable the selection of dimensions and measures for easy access to data, multidimensional views, drill-down analysis, Scorecards, and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Using GE Digital APM Metrics and Scorecards functionality, you can measure and examine your company's work requests, locations, equipment, work orders, and task information. Through data analysis, you can regulate your maintenance and reliability measurements. Using KPIs, you can track progress by focusing on specific areas within the organization. These KPIs allow you to monitor the most important variables that reflect mission success and company performance.Note: To use an OLAP data cube as datasource for Metrics or KPI, GE Digital APM must be connected to SQL Server Analysis Services.The primary tools that you will use within GE Digital APM Metrics and Scorecards include:
Metric View: A tool for authoring and delivering multidimensional reports. It is a visual representation of a multidimensional cube that has been defined in SQL Server Analysis Services. When you create a Metric View, you can choose the dimensions and measures from the cube. After the Metric View is created, it can be presented in charts or in a tabular format. By default, the Metric View is presented in chart format.
Key Performance Indicator (KPI): A list of metrics that are identified as the most important variables reflecting mission success or organizational performance. A KPI is a measure that is monitored over time, at a predetermined frequency. You can create KPIs, schedule updates, add data sources for KPIs, and define alerts for KPIs. A KPI can also be displayed on a dashboard in a dial representation. By monitoring a list of KPIs, you can identify the performance issues.
Scorecards: Reports that reflect the status of the KPIs. Via Scorecards, users can organize KPIs that help the organization achieve various objectives. The tabular view summarizes the status of multiple KPIs, helping you see the overall trends in a succinct format. You can also drill down into a single KPI to view more details.
Note: You must have the Metrics Manager license to create, edit, or delete a Metric View, KPI, or Scorecard.
The following table provides a list of functionality that is accessible depending on the status of the license.FunctionalityLicense Status: ActiveLicense Status: InactiveMetrics ViewsCreate, Update, Delete, and ViewViewScorecardCreate, Update, Delete, and ViewViewKey Performance IndicatorsCreate, Update, Delete, and View
View Update the following features of KPI design page:LimitsScheduleAlertsPrivileges 
Metrics and Scorecards FeaturesThe Metrics and Scorecards module allows you to work with three distinct items: Scorecards, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), and Metric Views.
GE Digital APM leverages its fundamental entity and relationship family infrastructure to store data related to Scorecards, Metric Views, and KPIs. It may be useful to remember that Scorecards, Metric Views, and KPIs are simply customized views of individual records and Catalog items that work together.A Scorecard is represented by a Scorecard record and all the records to which it is linked. Each Scorecard record can be linked to the following records:One or more KPI records.One or more KPI Objective records.One or more KPI Perspective records.A KPI is represented by a KPI record and all the records to which it is linked. Each KPI record can be linked to the following records:One or more KPI records.One or more KPI Measurement records.One or more Scorecard records.A Metric View is a Catalog item that displays data from an Analysis Services Cube, which is represented by an Analysis Services Cube record. In order to build a Metric View, the following items must be configured:A SQL Server connection, which is defined in an SSAS Servers record.An Analysis Services Cube, whose connection information is stored in the Analysis Services Cube record.Access the Metrics and Scorecards Overview PageAbout This TaskThe Metrics and Scorecards page provides a quick access to Metric View, Scorecard, or Key Performance Indicators (KPI). For MI Metrics Administrator and Super Users, this page also provides access to registered cubes through the Manage Cubes button.ProcedureIn the module navigation menu, select
Tools > Metrics and Scorecards.The Metrics and Scorecards page appears.

Note: The query for the Scorecard and KPI list displayed on the Metrics and Scorecards page are stored in the Catalog folder(..../<filepath>). You can modify the columns displayed on the grid by editing the source query. However, you must not change the query name and the location. For KPI, the path is: public/meridium/modules/core/queries/allKpis and for Scorecard the path is: public/meridium/modules/core/queries/allScorecards. The Metrics and Scorecards page displays the following sections:Scorecards: Displays a list of existing scorecards. In the Scorecards section, you can create a new Scorecard or view an existing Scorecard.
Key Performance Indicators: Displays a list of existing KPIs. In the Key Performance Indicators section, you can create a new KPI or view an existing KPI. Metric Views: Displays a list of existing Metric Views. In the Metric Views section, you can create a new Metric View or view an existing Metric View.
Note:
To search for a specific Metric View, Scorecard, or KPI, you can select the search button (), and then enter the name of a Metric View, Scorecard, or KPI.
When you select an item listed in the any of the three sections, the details appear on a new page.

Metrics and Scorecards WorkflowThe following workflow provides the basic, high-level steps for using this module. The steps and links in this workflow do not necessarily reference every possible procedure. Create a Metric View .Note: Interaction with the view or design page of a Metric View, such as drill through, is not available on GE Digital APM mobile application.Create a KPI by providing the following details:
Adding a datasource.
Scheduling a KPI and setting the alerts.

Create a Scorecard.
Add the KPI to the dashboard as widget.




On this pageOverview of the Metrics and Scorecards ModuleMetrics and Scorecards FeaturesAccess the Metrics and Scorecards Overview PageMetrics and Scorecards Workflow









