


Hazards Analysis | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
Hazards Analysis







Hazards AnalysisDeploy Hazards Analysis for the First TimeBefore You Begin

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1
Define alternate search queries .This step is required only if you do not want to use the baseline search queries.2Manage the types of Deviations in a HAZOP Analysis. To do so, add a code to the MI_HAZOP_DECIATIONS system code table. For more information, refer to the System Codes and Tables section of the documentation.This step is required only if you want to add another value to the list of default values in the Deviation/Guideword list in the HAZOP Deviation datasheet.
3
Assign Security Users to one or more of the Hazards Analysis Security Groups and Roles.
This step is required.

Upgrade Hazards Analysis
Before You Begin

The following tables outline the steps that you must complete to upgrade this module to the latest version of GE Digital APM
                    .
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

ProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.
This module will be updated to the latest version of GE Digital APM automatically. No additional steps are required.





On this pageDeploy Hazards Analysis for the First TimeUpgrade Hazards Analysis










