


R Scripts | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


APM Deployment and UpgradeOverview
Action Management
Asset Criticality Analysis
Asset Health Manager
Asset Strategy Management
Asset Strategy Optimization
Calibration Management
Compliance Management
eLog
Failure Modes and Effects Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis
Generation Availability Analysis Wind
Hazards Analysis
Inspection Management
Layers of Protection Analysis
Life Cycle Cost Analysis
Management of Change
Metrics and Scorecards
Policy Designer
Production Loss Analysis
R Scripts
Reliability Analytics
Reliability Centered Maintenance
Risk Based Inspection 580
Risk Based Inspection 581
Root Cause Analysis
Rounds Designer
Rounds Pro
SIS Management
Thickness Monitoring










Home
APM Deployment and Upgrade
R Scripts







R ScriptsDeploy R Scripts for the First TimeBefore You Begin
After you have installed and configured the basic GE Digital APM system architecture, including the R server of your choice, you will need to perform some configuration steps specifically for R Scripts.

The following table outlines the steps that you must complete to deploy and configure this module for the first time. 
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. GE Digital recommends, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

Results
StepTaskNotes1Ensure that your R Server is configured according to the R Scripts system requirements. For more information, refer to the APM System Requirements documentation.This step is required.2In GE Digital APM, specify the R Server credentials.This step is required.
Upgrade R Scripts
Before You Begin

The following tables outline the steps that you must complete to upgrade this module to the latest version of GE Digital APM
                    .
                
These tasks may be completed by multiple people in your organization. We recommend, however, that the tasks be completed in the order in which they are listed.

ProcedureUpgrade to the latest version of GE Digital APM.This module will be upgraded to GE Digital APM automatically. No additional steps are required.Specify R Server CredentialsBefore You BeginYou must be a Super User or member of the MI Configuration Role security group to modify the R Server credentials.ProcedureIn the module navigation menu, select
Admin > Operations Manager > Connections.The Connections page appears.Select R Server.The R Server workspace appears.In the R Server Version box, specify the version of R Server.In the Server Address box, enter the URL of the R Server (for example, http://MyRServer:7400/deployr).In the User Name and Password boxes, enter the user name and password that you want to use for the connection.Select Save. The R Server credentials are saved.Select Perform Connection Test to confirm that the connection is valid.




On this pageDeploy R Scripts for the First TimeUpgrade R Scripts
Specify R Server Credentials









