


Event Types | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Generation Availability AnalysisOverview
Workflows
Primary Events
Contributing Events
Related Events
Performance Records
Manage Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from GAA
Manage Log Entries from GAA
Reports
AdminAccess the GAA Administrator Page
GAA Administrator Workflow
System Codes
Event Categories
Event Types
Cause Codes
Amplification Codes
Fuel Types
Mapping Records
Event Transitions
Companies
Plants
Units
Unit Capacity
Performance Record and Report Configuration


Data Loaders
Deployment
Reference
Release Notes










Home
Generation Availability Analysis
Admin
Event Types







Event TypesAccess an Event TypeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Types.
The Event Types subsection appears, displaying the following columns of information:

Event Type Code

Event Type Description

Color Code

Mapped ID

Regulatory Organization




Locate the row that contains the Event Type that you want to access.In the Event Type Code column, select the link.
The Edit Event Types window appears, displaying the datasheet of the selected Event Type. 
Note: As needed, you can modify the values in the available fields, and then select  to save your changes.
Add an Event TypeProcedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Types.
The Event Types subsection appears.



In the upper-left corner of the Events Types section, select .
The Add Event Type window appears.
As needed, enter the values in the available fields. Select .
The new Event Type is added. 
Delete an Event TypeAbout This Task
Important: You must not delete a baseline Event Type.
Procedure
Access the GAA Administrator page.In the System Codes section, select Event Types.
The Event Types subsection appears.
Select the row containing the Event Type that you want to delete.In the upper-right corner of the Events Types section, select .
The Delete Event Type dialog box appears, asking you to confirm that you want to delete the selected Event Type.
Select Yes.
The selected Event Type is deleted and the updated list of Event Types appears.





On this pageAccess an Event TypeAdd an Event TypeDelete an Event Type









