


Probability Distribution | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Reliability AnalyticsReliability Analytics: Overview
Automation Rules
Probability Distribution
Production Analysis
Reliability Distribution
Reliability Growth
Spares Analysis
System Reliability
Admin
Data Loader
Deployment
ReferenceGeneral ReferenceReliability Analytics Security Groups
Reliability Analytics URLs
Reliability Analytics System Code Tables
Automation Rules
Probability Distribution
Production Analysis
Reliability Distribution
Reliability Growth
Spares Analysis
System Reliability


Family Field Descriptions
Catalog Items
Distribution Types
Calculations
Failure Data


Release Notes










Home
Reliability Analytics
Reference
General Reference
Probability Distribution







Probability DistributionAbout Site Filtering in Probability Distribution Analysis
In Probability Distribution, the site is assigned based on the user's selection in the Site control, but the data for the analysis can be generated by a query that contains records from multiple sites.

Tip: For more information, refer to the Site Filtering section of the documentation.

Note:  Reloading the data will re-run the query, limiting the results displayed to the data points based on those to which the single-site user has access. 
 Analyses that are created for a single site and that are based on a query containing multi-site data will contain multi-site data. A single-site user with access to the analysis can open the analysis and view all of the multi-site data in an analysis. 
Note:  Probability Distribution does not create a link between the analysis and the asset(s) in the data the analysis is based on.
Tip:  To prevent analyses from being modified by other users, save the query on which the analysis is based to a personal or private folder.

Consider an organization that has three sites, Site X, Site Y, and Site Z. The following Probability Distribution records exist:
Probability Distribution A: Assigned to Site XProbability Distribution B: Assigned to Site YProbability Distribution C: Assigned to Site ZProbability Distribution D: No site assigned (global record)
 Scenario 1: User assigned to only Site X 
This user will see Probability Distributions A and D.
 Scenario 2: User assigned to both Site X and Site Y 
This user will see Probability Distributions A, B, and D.
 Scenario 3: Super User 
This user will see Probability Distributions A, B, C, and D.
Important: If a Super User modifies the site assignment of a child record from the site assignment that it inherited from a parent record, data integrity will be compromised.
Probability Distribution Analysis Data Model
The following diagram shows how the families used in Probability Distribution Analysis are related to one another.



Note: In the diagram, boxes represent entity families and arrows represent relationship families that are configured in the baseline database. You can determine the direction of the each relationship definition from the direction of the arrow head: the box from which the arrow originates is the predecessor, and the box to which the arrow head points is the successor.
 In the above image, the Distribution box represents one of four Distribution subfamilies in which records can exist: Normal, Weibull, Exponential, Lognormal, Triangular, Gumbel, or Generalized Extreme Value.
As you develop a Probability Distribution Analysis, you will create records in these families and link them together, either manually or automatically via the options in the GE Digital APM Framework. Throughout this documentation, we use the term Probability Distribution Analysis to mean the combination of the Distribution record and all the records that are linked to it.
About Data Mapped to the Baseline Analysis <Source Type> Window
When you create a Probability Distribution Analysis from a query or dataset, the Probability Distribution Builder window will prompt you to map values from columns in the query or dataset to certain values in the Probability Distribution Analysis. The values that you select to map on the Select Data Fields screen in the Probability Distribution Builder window will then appear in the associated columns in the Baseline Analysis <Source Type> window. The <Source Type> is Query or Dataset on which your analysis is based.
Note: If the analysis is based on a query or a dataset and contains additional columns that are not mapped to columns in the analysis dataset, those columns will appear in the Baseline Analysis <Source Type> window with the column name in parentheses.
This family is enabled for site filtering, which means that records in this family can be assigned to a specific site, and will only be accessible to users who are assigned to the same site and have the appropriate license and family privileges. For more information, refer to the Sites section of the documentation.
Details
The following table displays which columns are mapped from fields in the Probability Distribution Builder window to columns in the Baseline Analysis <Source Type> window:

Probability Distribution Builder Screen Probability Distribution Builder Field Baseline Analysis <Source Type> Window Column Select Data Fields Value XSelect Data Fields Censored Censored 






On this pageAbout Site Filtering in Probability Distribution AnalysisProbability Distribution Analysis Data ModelAbout Data Mapped to the Baseline Analysis <Source Type> Window









