


Third Quarter of 2018 | Predix APM | GE Digital














 Predix Asset Performance Management
Copyright © 2023 General Electric Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Cookies










Search


Thickness MonitoringOverview
Workflows
Corrosion Analyses in Thickness Monitoring
TMLs
TML Groups
Thickness Measurements
T-Min Calculations
Piping Rotation and Flip
Dataloggers in Thickness Monitoring
Data Loaders
Admin
Deployment
Reference
Release NotesSecond Quarter of 2023
Fourth Quarter of 2022
Second Quarter of 2022
First Quarter of 2022
Fourth Quarter of 2021
Second Quarter of 2021
First Quarter of 2021
Fourth Quarter of 2020
Third Quarter of 2020
Second Quarter of 2020
First Quarter of 2020
Fourth Quarter of 2019
Third Quarter of 2019
Second Quarter of 2019
First Quarter of 2019
Fourth Quarter of 2018
Third Quarter of 2018












Home
Thickness Monitoring
Release Notes
Third Quarter of 2018







Third Quarter of 2018Thickness MonitoringThis topic provides a list of product changes released for this module on the dates listed below.Release Date: September 21, 2018
Table 1. Enhancements and New FeaturesNoteTracking ID(s)The B31.8 T-min calculation formula has been modified to use Yield Strength instead of Allowable Stress. Yield Strength is a reference value from the Piping Stress table and is based on the following fields:Design CodeCode Year (Allowable Stress Lookup)Material SpecificationMaterial GradeUS273898When calculating a single asset, you can now view and download the log in the Schedule Logs page. US273147
Table 2. Resolved IssuesNoteTracking ID(s)Previously, when you ran a bulk analysis and viewed the Schedule Logs page, the page heading incorrectly implied that you were generating an inspection document. This issue has been resolved.DE85451Previously, in the Thickness Monitoring module, if you used a family (parent or child) other than the baseline Functional Location family to denote a functional location, the Analysis Overview page appeared as if the functional location were an asset. This issue has been resolved. Now, the Thickness Monitoring Overview page appears as expected.DE84510Previously, in the Asset Hierarchy Configuration page, if you used a family (parent or child) other than the baseline Functional Location family to denote a functional location, in the Integrity section, an incorrect hyperlink appeared, behaving as if the functional location were an asset. Also, the number of linked records in the Asset Hierarchy page was incorrect. This issue has been resolved.DE84510Previously, when you created a TML for a Piping or a Pressure Vessel component where the value in the Design Temperature field was zero, the Allowable Stress field was blank, although the other stress input fields contained valid values. This issue has been resolved.DE84129Previously, in a corrosion analysis, if there were many TMLs based on which the values in the Controlling Corrosion Rate (Maximum), Schedule Next Inspection, and Projected T-Min Date fields were calculated, you could not view the complete list of TMLs. This issue has been resolved.DE83061Previously, when you created or modified a TML Group and modified the Corrosion Group field, the TML Group ID did not update in the page until you navigated away from the page. This issue has been resolved.DE82433Previously, when you ran a calculation from the TML Group level, other TML Groups associated with the parent asset were not calculated. This issue has been resolved. Now, when you calculate from the TML Group level, the asset and all associated TML Groups are calculated.DE82393Previously, when you performed a bulk analysis that failed validation, the Schedule Log erroneously listed the analysis in the Successful section. This issue has been resolved.DE82364Previously, in the Thickness Monitoring Overview page, the Asset View button () was enabled even when you set the asset hierarchy level to Home, and an error message appeared when you selected the Asset View button (). This issue has been resolved. Now, when you set the asset hierarchy level to Home in the Thickness Monitoring Overview page, the Asset View button () is disabled.DE81522Previously, when you set the UOM Conversion Set as Metric, and then tried to calculate the Asset Corrosion Analysis, the calculation failed as there was no conversion defined from MM/YR to IN/YR(TM). This issue has been resolved.DE81444Previously, if the Remaining Life field in an Asset Corrosion Analysis stored in an Oracle database contained a value less than 0 with more than six decimal places, the TM calculation failed. This issue has been resolved. To facilitate this fix, the Remaining Life Less than 180 Months query has been modified.DE80578Previously, if you modified the unit of measure for a Security User and then accessed a Corrosion Rate Distribution graph, the values for the y-axis were not modified per the selected unit of measure. This issue has been resolved. Now, the values for the y-axes of these graphs are modified per the selected unit of measure.DE79752Previously, the Thickness Monitoring (TM) Equipment and Thickness Monitoring (TM) Functional Location data loaders were performing duplicate validations when a Thickness Measurement record was loaded. This issue has been resolved. A new field, Measurement Imported by Data Loader, has been added to the Thickness Measurement Family. This field indicates if a record is loaded through data loaders to prevent duplicate validations. US272812





On this pageThickness Monitoring









